# compiler: R8
# compiler_version: 1.4.77
# min_api: 19
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent:
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Launcher launcher -> q
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$JumpInspector jumpInspector -> z
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Keyboard keyboard -> r
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$StreetView streetView -> u
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Vr180Creator vr180Creator -> G
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Lullaby lullaby -> t
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Application application -> d
    java.lang.Integer eventSource -> a
    java.lang.Long durationMs -> e
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$PerformanceStats performanceStats -> k
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$QrCodeScan qrCodeScan -> h
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$HeadTracking headTracking -> D
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Photos photos -> v
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$GConfigUpdate gConfigUpdate -> y
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$LoggingOptInState loggingOptInState -> b
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Renderer renderer -> s
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$StandaloneHeadset standaloneHeadset -> E
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$VrCore vrCore -> o
    java.lang.String cohort -> i
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Application[] installedVrApplications -> f
    java.lang.Integer lifetimeCountBucket -> j
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$SdkConfigurationParams sdkConfiguration -> x
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Expeditions expeditions -> C
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$VrHome vrHome -> w
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EmbedVrWidget embedVrWidget -> n
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva eva -> F
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$VrStreaming vrStreaming -> B
    com.google.common.logging.nano.VrBaseOuterClass$VrBase$HeadMount headMount -> c
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Cyclops cyclops -> g
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr earthVr -> p
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$SensorStats sensorStats -> l
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$PhoneAlignment phoneAlignment -> A
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$AudioStats audioStats -> m
    11:13:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:10:int checkBucketOrThrow(int) -> a
    444:444:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent parseFrom(byte[]) -> a
    1:3:int checkEventSourceOrThrow(int) -> b
    14:49:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent clear() -> clear
    50:53:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent clone() -> clone
    445:445:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    446:446:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    448:448:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    189:293:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    294:443:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    447:447:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    117:188:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Application -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$a:
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Application[] _emptyArray -> a
    java.lang.String name -> c
    java.lang.String packageName -> b
    java.lang.String version -> d
    7:9:void <init>() -> <init>
    10:15:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Application clear() -> clear
    16:19:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Application clone() -> clone
    51:51:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    52:52:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    54:54:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    29:39:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    1:6:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Application[] emptyArray() -> emptyArray
    40:42:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Application mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    53:53:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    21:28:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$AudioStats -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$b:
    java.lang.Integer framesPerBuffer -> c
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$HistogramBucket[] renderingTimePerBufferMilliseconds -> d
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$HistogramBucket[] numberOfSimultaneousSoundFields -> f
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$HistogramBucket[] numberOfSimultaneousSoundObjects -> e
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$HistogramBucket[] cpuMeasurementsPercent -> g
    java.lang.Integer renderingMode -> a
    java.lang.Integer sampleRate -> b
    4:6:void <init>() -> <init>
    1:3:int checkRenderingModeOrThrow(int) -> a
    7:16:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$AudioStats clear() -> clear
    17:20:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$AudioStats clone() -> clone
    193:193:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    194:194:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    196:196:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    78:116:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    117:119:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$AudioStats mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    195:195:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    46:77:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Cyclops -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$c:
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Cyclops$Share share -> c
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Cyclops$ShareStart shareStart -> d
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Cyclops$Capture capture -> a
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Cyclops$View view -> b
    1:3:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:10:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Cyclops clear() -> clear
    11:14:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Cyclops clone() -> clone
    69:69:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    70:70:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    72:72:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    34:47:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    48:50:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Cyclops mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    71:71:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    24:33:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Cyclops$Capture -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$c$a:
    java.lang.Boolean withSound -> c
    java.lang.Long processingTimeMs -> g
    java.lang.Boolean captureWarnings -> d
    java.lang.Integer outcome -> a
    java.lang.Long compositionTimeMs -> e
    java.lang.Float angleDegrees -> b
    java.lang.Long captureTimeMs -> f
    4:6:void <init>() -> <init>
    1:3:int checkOutcomeOrThrow(int) -> a
    7:16:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Cyclops$Capture clear() -> clear
    17:20:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Cyclops$Capture clone() -> clone
    85:85:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    86:86:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    88:88:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    38:60:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    61:63:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Cyclops$Capture mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    87:87:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    22:37:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Cyclops$Share -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$c$b:
    java.lang.Integer numPhotos -> c
    com.google.common.logging.Vr$VREvent$Cyclops$Share$Type type -> a
    java.lang.Boolean withSound -> b
    1:3:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:9:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Cyclops$Share clear() -> clear
    10:13:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Cyclops$Share clone() -> clone
    53:53:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    54:54:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    56:56:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    24:35:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    36:38:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Cyclops$Share mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    55:55:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    15:23:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Cyclops$ShareStart -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$c$c:
    java.lang.Integer originScreen -> a
    java.lang.Integer numPhotos -> b
    4:6:void <init>() -> <init>
    1:3:int checkOriginScreenOrThrow(int) -> a
    7:11:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Cyclops$ShareStart clear() -> clear
    12:15:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Cyclops$ShareStart clone() -> clone
    45:45:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    46:46:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    48:48:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    23:30:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    31:33:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Cyclops$ShareStart mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    47:47:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    17:22:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Cyclops$View -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$c$d:
    java.lang.Integer numPanos -> d
    java.lang.Boolean withSound -> c
    java.lang.Integer orientation -> a
    java.lang.Boolean interaction -> b
    4:6:void <init>() -> <init>
    1:3:int checkOrientationOrThrow(int) -> a
    7:13:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Cyclops$View clear() -> clear
    14:17:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Cyclops$View clone() -> clone
    61:61:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    62:62:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    64:64:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    29:42:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    43:45:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Cyclops$View mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    63:63:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    19:28:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$DoublePrecisionTransform -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$d:
    java.lang.Double rotationQy -> e
    java.lang.Double rotationQx -> d
    java.lang.Double translationZ -> c
    java.lang.Double translationY -> b
    java.lang.Double translationX -> a
    java.lang.Double scale -> g
    java.lang.Double rotationQz -> f
    1:3:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:13:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$DoublePrecisionTransform clear() -> clear
    14:17:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$DoublePrecisionTransform clone() -> clone
    77:77:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    78:78:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    80:80:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    35:57:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    58:60:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$DoublePrecisionTransform mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    79:79:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    19:34:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$e:
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$Environment environment -> l
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$AppState appState -> d
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$Actor[] actors -> k
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$View view -> e
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$ActionOrb actionOrb -> o
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Transform startFromHeadTransform -> b
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$Tutorial tutorial -> j
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$SplashScreen splashScreen -> m
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$DoublePrecisionTransform startFromKeyholeTransform -> a
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$ControllerState[] controllerStates -> c
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$Preferences preferencesDelta -> h
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$Preferences preferences -> g
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$StreetView streetView -> n
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$Menu menu -> f
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$Search search -> p
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$Tour tour -> i
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$VrSdkError[] errors -> q
    1:3:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:23:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr clear() -> clear
    24:27:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr clone() -> clone
    294:294:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    295:295:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    297:297:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    123:187:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    188:293:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    296:296:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    75:122:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$ActionOrb -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$e$a:
    java.lang.Integer previousExpansionState -> c
    java.lang.Integer previousDisplayMode -> d
    java.lang.Integer expansionState -> a
    java.lang.Integer displayMode -> b
    7:9:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:6:int checkDisplayModeOrThrow(int) -> a
    1:3:int checkExpansionStateOrThrow(int) -> b
    10:16:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$ActionOrb clear() -> clear
    17:20:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$ActionOrb clone() -> clone
    79:79:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    80:80:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    82:82:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    32:45:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    46:48:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$ActionOrb mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    81:81:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    22:31:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$Actor -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$e$b:
    java.lang.Integer vrSdk -> d
    java.lang.Integer vrSystemType -> e
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$Actor[] _emptyArray -> a
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$Actor$ControllerState[] controllerStates -> c
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Transform startFromHeadTransform -> b
    13:15:void <init>() -> <init>
    1:3:int checkVrSdkOrThrow(int) -> a
    4:6:int checkVrSystemTypeOrThrow(int) -> b
    16:22:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$Actor clear() -> clear
    23:26:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$Actor clone() -> clone
    106:106:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    107:107:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    109:109:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    50:67:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    7:12:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$Actor[] emptyArray() -> emptyArray
    68:70:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$Actor mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    108:108:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    36:49:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$Actor$ControllerState -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$e$b$a:
    java.lang.Integer type -> d
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$Actor$ControllerState[] _emptyArray -> a
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Transform startFromControllerTransform -> c
    java.lang.Integer role -> b
    13:15:void <init>() -> <init>
    1:3:int checkRoleOrThrow(int) -> a
    4:6:int checkTypeOrThrow(int) -> b
    16:21:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$Actor$ControllerState clear() -> clear
    22:25:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$Actor$ControllerState clone() -> clone
    71:71:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    72:72:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    74:74:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    37:47:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    7:12:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$Actor$ControllerState[] emptyArray() -> emptyArray
    48:50:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$Actor$ControllerState mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    73:73:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    29:36:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$AppState -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$e$c:
    java.lang.Long appModeId -> a
    1:3:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:7:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$AppState clear() -> clear
    8:11:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$AppState clone() -> clone
    29:29:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    30:30:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    32:32:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    17:21:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    22:24:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$AppState mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    31:31:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    13:16:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$ControllerState -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$e$d:
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$ControllerState[] _emptyArray -> a
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Transform startFromControllerTransform -> c
    java.lang.Integer role -> b
    10:12:void <init>() -> <init>
    1:3:int checkRoleOrThrow(int) -> a
    13:17:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$ControllerState clear() -> clear
    18:21:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$ControllerState clone() -> clone
    55:55:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    56:56:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    58:58:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    31:38:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    4:9:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$ControllerState[] emptyArray() -> emptyArray
    39:41:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$ControllerState mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    57:57:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    25:30:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$Environment -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$e$e:
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Transform startFromEnvironmentTransform -> a
    1:3:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:7:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$Environment clear() -> clear
    8:11:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$Environment clone() -> clone
    33:33:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    34:34:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    36:36:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    19:23:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    24:26:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$Environment mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    35:35:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    15:18:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$GeoLocation -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$e$f:
    java.lang.Double altitudeMeters -> c
    java.lang.Double longitudeDegrees -> b
    java.lang.Double latitudeDegrees -> a
    1:3:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:9:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$GeoLocation clear() -> clear
    10:13:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$GeoLocation clone() -> clone
    45:45:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    46:46:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    48:48:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    23:33:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    34:36:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$GeoLocation mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    47:47:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    15:22:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$Menu -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$e$g:
    java.lang.String categoryName -> a
    java.lang.String contentKey -> c
    java.lang.Integer pageIndex -> b
    java.lang.String contentName -> d
    1:3:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:10:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$Menu clear() -> clear
    11:14:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$Menu clone() -> clone
    53:53:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    54:54:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    56:56:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    26:39:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    40:42:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$Menu mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    55:55:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    16:25:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$Preferences -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$e$h:
    java.lang.Integer startConfiguration -> c
    java.lang.Integer guestMode -> d
    java.lang.Integer humanScaleMode -> e
    java.lang.Integer labelsState -> a
    java.lang.Integer comfortModeState -> b
    16:18:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:6:int checkComfortModeStateOrThrow(int) -> a
    10:12:int checkGuestModeOrThrow(int) -> b
    13:15:int checkHumanScaleModeOrThrow(int) -> c
    19:26:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$Preferences clear() -> clear
    27:30:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$Preferences clone() -> clone
    101:101:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    102:102:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    104:104:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    44:60:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    1:3:int checkLabelsStateOrThrow(int) -> d
    7:9:int checkStartConfigurationOrThrow(int) -> e
    61:63:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$Preferences mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    103:103:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    32:43:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$Search -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$e$i:
    java.lang.Integer selectedEntityIndex -> c
    java.lang.String typedQuery -> a
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$View selectedEntityView -> d
    java.lang.String searchQuery -> b
    1:3:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:10:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$Search clear() -> clear
    11:14:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$Search clone() -> clone
    57:57:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    58:58:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    60:60:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    28:41:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    42:44:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$Search mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    59:59:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    18:27:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$SplashScreen -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$e$j:
    java.lang.Long numberOfViewPreloadsSucceeded -> c
    java.lang.Long viewPreloadDurationMs -> d
    java.lang.Long numberOfViewPreloadsAttempted -> b
    java.lang.Integer exitType -> a
    4:6:void <init>() -> <init>
    1:3:int checkExitTypeOrThrow(int) -> a
    7:13:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$SplashScreen clear() -> clear
    14:17:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$SplashScreen clone() -> clone
    61:61:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    62:62:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    64:64:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    29:42:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    43:45:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$SplashScreen mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    63:63:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    19:28:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$StreetView -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$e$k:
    java.lang.Boolean hasUserDiscoveredNeighbor -> h
    java.lang.Integer panoType -> e
    java.lang.Integer panoFrontend -> f
    java.lang.Integer panoNeighborCount -> g
    java.lang.String panoId -> c
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$GeoLocation panoLocation -> d
    java.lang.Integer state -> a
    java.lang.Integer previousState -> b
    10:12:void <init>() -> <init>
    7:9:int checkPanoFrontendOrThrow(int) -> a
    4:6:int checkPanoTypeOrThrow(int) -> b
    1:3:int checkStateOrThrow(int) -> c
    13:23:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$StreetView clear() -> clear
    24:27:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$StreetView clone() -> clone
    118:118:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    119:119:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    121:121:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    49:74:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    75:77:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$StreetView mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    120:120:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    31:48:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$Tour -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$e$l:
    java.lang.String name -> a
    java.lang.Long playbackMs -> b
    1:3:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:8:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$Tour clear() -> clear
    9:12:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$Tour clone() -> clone
    37:37:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    38:38:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    40:40:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    20:27:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    28:30:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$Tour mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    39:39:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    14:19:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$Tutorial -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$e$m:
    java.lang.String stageName -> b
    java.lang.Integer stage -> a
    1:3:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:8:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$Tutorial clear() -> clear
    9:12:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$Tutorial clone() -> clone
    37:37:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    38:38:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    40:40:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    20:27:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    28:30:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$Tutorial mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    39:39:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    14:19:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$View -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$e$n:
    java.lang.Double logicalViewerScale -> e
    java.lang.Integer forceHumanScale -> d
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$DoublePrecisionTransform startFromKeyholeTransform -> b
    java.lang.Long simulationSecondsSinceEpoch -> c
    java.lang.Integer mode -> a
    7:9:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:6:int checkForceHumanScaleOrThrow(int) -> a
    1:3:int checkModeOrThrow(int) -> b
    10:17:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$View clear() -> clear
    18:21:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$View clone() -> clone
    81:81:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    82:82:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    84:84:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    37:53:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    54:56:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$View mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    83:83:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    25:36:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$VrSdkError -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$e$o:
    java.lang.Integer sdkErrorCode -> c
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$VrSdkError[] _emptyArray -> a
    java.lang.Integer shutdownReason -> b
    java.lang.String sdkFunction -> d
    10:12:void <init>() -> <init>
    1:3:int checkShutdownReasonOrThrow(int) -> a
    13:18:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$VrSdkError clear() -> clear
    19:22:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$VrSdkError clone() -> clone
    59:59:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    60:60:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    62:62:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    32:42:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    4:9:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$VrSdkError[] emptyArray() -> emptyArray
    43:45:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EarthVr$VrSdkError mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    61:61:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    24:31:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EmbedVrWidget -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$f:
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EmbedVrWidget$Video video -> c
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EmbedVrWidget$Pano pano -> b
    java.lang.Integer viewMode -> a
    java.lang.String errorMsg -> d
    7:9:void <init>() -> <init>
    1:3:int checkStereoFormatOrThrow(int) -> a
    4:6:int checkViewModeOrThrow(int) -> b
    10:16:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EmbedVrWidget clear() -> clear
    17:20:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EmbedVrWidget clone() -> clone
    72:72:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    73:73:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    75:75:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    36:49:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    50:52:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EmbedVrWidget mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    74:74:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    26:35:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EmbedVrWidget$Pano -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$f$a:
    java.lang.Integer stereoFormat -> c
    java.lang.Integer widthPixels -> a
    java.lang.Integer heightPixels -> b
    1:3:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:9:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EmbedVrWidget$Pano clear() -> clear
    10:13:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EmbedVrWidget$Pano clone() -> clone
    50:50:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    51:51:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    53:53:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    23:33:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    34:36:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EmbedVrWidget$Pano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    52:52:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    15:22:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EmbedVrWidget$Video -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$f$b:
    java.lang.Integer stereoFormat -> c
    java.lang.Integer videoDurationMs -> d
    java.lang.Integer widthPixels -> a
    java.lang.Integer heightPixels -> b
    1:3:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:10:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EmbedVrWidget$Video clear() -> clear
    11:14:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EmbedVrWidget$Video clone() -> clone
    58:58:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    59:59:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    61:61:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    26:39:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    40:42:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$EmbedVrWidget$Video mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    60:60:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    16:25:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$g:
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$View view -> e
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$CameraStatus cameraStatus -> f
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$WigglegramGeneration wigglegramGeneration -> l
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$FileTransfer fileTransfer -> d
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$BluetoothSession bluetoothSession -> g
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$Capture capture -> b
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$WifiSetupSession wifiSetupSession -> h
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$CameraInfo cameraType -> a
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$Delete delete -> j
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$CameraFirmwareUpdate cameraFirmwareUpdate -> n
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$SelectionAction selectionAction -> o
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$Pairing pairing -> c
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$LocalGalleryStats localGalleryStats -> k
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$Share share -> i
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$ExportMedia exportMedia -> m
    1:3:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:21:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva clear() -> clear
    22:25:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva clone() -> clone
    201:201:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    202:202:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    204:204:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    89:135:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    136:200:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    203:203:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    57:88:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$BluetoothSession -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$g$a:
    java.lang.Integer statusUpdateNotificationCount -> f
    java.lang.Long totalLatencyMs -> c
    java.lang.Long sentBytes -> d
    java.lang.Integer requestCount -> a
    java.lang.Long receivedBytes -> e
    java.lang.Integer failedRequestCount -> b
    1:3:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:12:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$BluetoothSession clear() -> clear
    13:16:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$BluetoothSession clone() -> clone
    69:69:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    70:70:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    72:72:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    32:51:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    52:54:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$BluetoothSession mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    71:71:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    18:31:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$CameraFirmwareUpdate -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$g$b:
    com.google.common.logging.Vr$VREvent$Eva$CameraFirmwareUpdate$UpdateOutcome outcome -> a
    1:3:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:7:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$CameraFirmwareUpdate clear() -> clear
    8:11:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$CameraFirmwareUpdate clone() -> clone
    37:37:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    38:38:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    40:40:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    18:23:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    24:26:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$CameraFirmwareUpdate mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    39:39:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    13:17:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$CameraInfo -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$g$c:
    java.lang.String manufacturerName -> c
    java.lang.String firmwareVersion -> b
    java.lang.Integer cameraType -> a
    4:6:void <init>() -> <init>
    1:3:int checkCameraTypeOrThrow(int) -> a
    7:12:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$CameraInfo clear() -> clear
    13:16:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$CameraInfo clone() -> clone
    53:53:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    54:54:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    56:56:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    26:36:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    37:39:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$CameraInfo mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    55:55:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    18:25:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$CameraStatus -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$g$d:
    java.lang.Boolean connectedToWifi -> g
    java.lang.Integer deviceTemperature -> d
    java.lang.Boolean phoneToCameraWifi -> h
    java.lang.Integer temperatureState -> i
    java.lang.Integer mediaCount -> j
    java.lang.Boolean batteryCharging -> c
    java.lang.Boolean recording -> a
    java.lang.Long totalStorage -> e
    java.lang.Integer batteryPercentage -> b
    java.lang.Long freeStorage -> f
    4:6:void <init>() -> <init>
    1:3:int checkTemperatureStateOrThrow(int) -> a
    7:19:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$CameraStatus clear() -> clear
    20:23:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$CameraStatus clone() -> clone
    109:109:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    110:110:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    112:112:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    47:78:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    79:108:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$CameraStatus mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    111:111:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    25:46:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$Capture -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$g$e:
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$Capture$LiveStreamStats liveStreamStats -> d
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$VideoInfo videoInfo -> c
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$Resolution resolution -> b
    java.lang.Integer captureType -> a
    4:6:void <init>() -> <init>
    1:3:int checkCaptureTypeOrThrow(int) -> a
    7:13:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$Capture clear() -> clear
    14:17:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$Capture clone() -> clone
    73:73:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    74:74:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    76:76:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    35:48:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    49:51:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$Capture mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    75:75:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    25:34:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$Capture$LiveStreamStats -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$g$e$a:
    java.lang.Long averageSourceBitrate -> c
    java.lang.Long averageTargetBitrate -> d
    java.lang.Long averageUploadBitrate -> b
    java.lang.Integer errorState -> a
    4:6:void <init>() -> <init>
    1:3:int checkLiveStreamErrorOrThrow(int) -> a
    7:13:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$Capture$LiveStreamStats clear() -> clear
    14:17:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$Capture$LiveStreamStats clone() -> clone
    61:61:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    62:62:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    64:64:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    29:42:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    43:45:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$Capture$LiveStreamStats mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    63:63:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    19:28:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$Delete -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$g$f:
    com.google.common.logging.Vr$VREvent$Eva$View$ViewSource source -> b
    java.lang.Long sizeBytes -> c
    com.google.common.logging.Vr$VREvent$Eva$View$MediaType mediaType -> a
    1:3:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:9:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$Delete clear() -> clear
    10:13:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$Delete clone() -> clone
    61:61:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    62:62:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    64:64:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    25:37:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    38:40:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$Delete mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    63:63:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    15:24:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$ExportMedia -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$g$g:
    java.lang.Integer exportMediaFailureType -> c
    com.google.common.logging.Vr$VREvent$Eva$ExportMedia$Type exportMediaType -> a
    java.lang.Integer exportMediaAction -> b
    7:9:void <init>() -> <init>
    1:3:int checkActionOrThrow(int) -> a
    4:6:int checkFailureTypeOrThrow(int) -> b
    10:15:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$ExportMedia clear() -> clear
    16:19:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$ExportMedia clone() -> clone
    69:69:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    70:70:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    72:72:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    30:41:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    42:44:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$ExportMedia mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    71:71:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    21:29:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$FileTransfer -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$g$h:
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$VideoInfo videoInfo -> g
    com.google.common.logging.Vr$VREvent$Eva$FileTransfer$Outcome outcome -> a
    com.google.common.logging.Vr$VREvent$Eva$FileTransfer$TransferInterface transferInterface -> b
    java.lang.Long fileSize -> c
    java.lang.Long transferTimeMs -> d
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$Resolution resolution -> f
    com.google.common.logging.Vr$VREvent$Eva$FileTransfer$FileType fileType -> e
    1:3:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:13:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$FileTransfer clear() -> clear
    14:17:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$FileTransfer clone() -> clone
    109:109:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    110:110:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    112:112:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    42:67:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    68:70:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$FileTransfer mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    111:111:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    23:41:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$LocalGalleryStats -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$g$i:
    java.lang.Long mediaBytes -> c
    java.lang.Long availableBytes -> b
    java.lang.Integer mediaCount -> a
    1:3:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:9:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$LocalGalleryStats clear() -> clear
    10:13:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$LocalGalleryStats clone() -> clone
    45:45:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    46:46:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    48:48:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    23:33:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    34:36:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$LocalGalleryStats mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    47:47:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    15:22:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$Pairing -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$g$j:
    java.lang.Long bluetoothPairingTimeMs -> c
    com.google.common.logging.Vr$VREvent$Eva$Pairing$Outcome outcome -> a
    java.lang.Long pairingFlowTimeMs -> b
    1:3:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:9:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$Pairing clear() -> clear
    10:13:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$Pairing clone() -> clone
    53:53:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    54:54:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    56:56:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    24:35:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    36:38:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$Pairing mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    55:55:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    15:23:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$Resolution -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$g$k:
    java.lang.Integer width -> a
    java.lang.Integer height -> b
    1:3:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:8:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$Resolution clear() -> clear
    9:12:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$Resolution clone() -> clone
    37:37:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    38:38:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    40:40:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    20:27:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    28:30:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$Resolution mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    39:39:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    14:19:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$SelectionAction -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$g$l:
    java.lang.Long durationMs -> c
    com.google.common.logging.Vr$VREvent$Eva$SelectionAction$ActionOutcome outcome -> a
    com.google.common.logging.Vr$VREvent$Eva$SelectionAction$ActionEntryPoint entryPoint -> b
    1:3:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:9:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$SelectionAction clear() -> clear
    10:13:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$SelectionAction clone() -> clone
    61:61:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    62:62:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    64:64:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    25:37:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    38:40:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$SelectionAction mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    63:63:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    15:24:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$Share -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$g$m:
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$VideoInfo videoInfo -> d
    java.lang.Integer shareType -> a
    java.lang.Integer shareApp -> b
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$Resolution resolution -> c
    7:9:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:6:int checkShareAppOrThrow(int) -> a
    1:3:int checkShareTypeOrThrow(int) -> b
    10:16:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$Share clear() -> clear
    17:20:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$Share clone() -> clone
    77:77:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    78:78:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    80:80:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    36:49:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    50:52:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$Share mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    79:79:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    26:35:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$VideoInfo -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$g$n:
    java.lang.Long durationMs -> a
    java.lang.Integer codec -> b
    4:6:void <init>() -> <init>
    1:3:int checkCodecOrThrow(int) -> a
    7:11:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$VideoInfo clear() -> clear
    12:15:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$VideoInfo clone() -> clone
    45:45:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    46:46:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    48:48:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    23:30:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    31:33:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$VideoInfo mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    47:47:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    17:22:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$View -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$g$o:
    com.google.common.logging.Vr$VREvent$Eva$View$TriggerAction triggerAction -> h
    java.lang.Integer viewerHeadingRotation -> f
    java.lang.Integer mediaHeadingRotation -> g
    com.google.common.logging.Vr$VREvent$Eva$View$ViewSource viewSource -> e
    java.lang.Long viewingDurationMs -> c
    java.lang.Long loadingTimeMs -> d
    com.google.common.logging.Vr$VREvent$Eva$View$ViewType viewType -> b
    com.google.common.logging.Vr$VREvent$Eva$View$MediaType mediaType -> a
    1:3:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:14:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$View clear() -> clear
    15:18:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$View clone() -> clone
    117:117:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    118:118:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    120:120:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    42:71:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    72:74:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$View mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    119:119:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    20:41:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$WifiSetupSession -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$g$p:
    java.lang.Integer connectivityCheckFailCount -> e
    java.lang.Integer connectionAttemptType -> f
    java.lang.Integer managedConnectionFailCount -> g
    java.lang.Integer managedConnectionApiErrorCount -> h
    java.lang.Long hotspotStartTimeMs -> c
    java.lang.Long joinTimeMs -> d
    java.lang.Long setupTimeMs -> b
    java.lang.Integer connectionType -> a
    7:9:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:6:int checkWifiConnectionAttemptTypeOrThrow(int) -> a
    1:3:int checkWifiConnectionTypeOrThrow(int) -> b
    10:20:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$WifiSetupSession clear() -> clear
    21:24:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$WifiSetupSession clone() -> clone
    101:101:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    102:102:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    104:104:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    44:69:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    70:72:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$WifiSetupSession mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    103:103:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    26:43:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$WigglegramGeneration -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$g$q:
    com.google.common.logging.Vr$VREvent$Eva$WigglegramGeneration$Status generationStatus -> a
    java.lang.Long renderAndEncodeMs -> c
    java.lang.Long correspondenceMs -> b
    1:3:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:9:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$WigglegramGeneration clear() -> clear
    10:13:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$WigglegramGeneration clone() -> clone
    53:53:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    54:54:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    56:56:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    24:35:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    36:38:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Eva$WigglegramGeneration mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    55:55:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    15:23:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Expeditions -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$h:
    java.lang.String contentId -> a
    1:3:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:7:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Expeditions clear() -> clear
    8:11:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Expeditions clone() -> clone
    29:29:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    30:30:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    32:32:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    17:21:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    22:24:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Expeditions mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    31:31:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    13:16:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$GConfigUpdate -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$i:
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$GConfigUpdate$GConfigValue[] gConfigValue -> a
    1:3:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:7:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$GConfigUpdate clear() -> clear
    8:11:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$GConfigUpdate clone() -> clone
    56:56:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    57:57:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    59:59:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    27:35:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    36:38:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$GConfigUpdate mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    58:58:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    19:26:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$GConfigUpdate$GConfigValue -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$i$a:
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$GConfigUpdate$GConfigValue[] _emptyArray -> a
    java.lang.String stringValue -> c
    java.lang.String gConfigKey -> b
    7:9:void <init>() -> <init>
    10:14:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$GConfigUpdate$GConfigValue clear() -> clear
    15:18:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$GConfigUpdate$GConfigValue clone() -> clone
    43:43:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    44:44:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    46:46:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    26:33:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    1:6:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$GConfigUpdate$GConfigValue[] emptyArray() -> emptyArray
    34:36:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$GConfigUpdate$GConfigValue mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    45:45:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    20:25:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$HeadTracking -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$j:
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$HeadTracking$PeriodicReport periodicReport -> f
    java.lang.Long sixDofFallbackTimestamp -> c
    java.lang.Float floorHeight -> d
    java.lang.Long headTrackingTimestamp -> e
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$HeadTracking$SafetyCylinderConfig safetyCylinderConfig -> g
    int oneof_safety_config_ -> a
    java.lang.Integer sixDofFallbackReason -> b
    4:7:void <init>() -> <init>
    1:3:int checkFallBackReasonOrThrow(int) -> a
    8:17:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$HeadTracking clear() -> clear
    18:21:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$HeadTracking clone() -> clone
    88:88:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    89:89:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    91:91:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    41:60:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    61:63:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$HeadTracking mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    90:90:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    27:40:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$HeadTracking$PeriodicReport -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$j$a:
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$HeadTracking$PeriodicReport$SafeRegionEvent[] safeRegionEvent -> d
    java.lang.Long startTimestampMs -> a
    java.lang.Long endTimestampMs -> b
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$HeadTracking$PeriodicReport$RecenterEvent[] recenterEvent -> c
    1:3:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:10:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$HeadTracking$PeriodicReport clear() -> clear
    11:14:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$HeadTracking$PeriodicReport clone() -> clone
    107:107:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    108:108:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    110:110:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    46:67:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    68:70:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$HeadTracking$PeriodicReport mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    109:109:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    28:45:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$HeadTracking$PeriodicReport$RecenterEvent -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$j$a$a:
    java.lang.Integer type -> c
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$HeadTracking$PeriodicReport$RecenterEvent[] _emptyArray -> a
    java.lang.Long timestampMs -> b
    7:9:void <init>() -> <init>
    10:14:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$HeadTracking$PeriodicReport$RecenterEvent clear() -> clear
    15:18:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$HeadTracking$PeriodicReport$RecenterEvent clone() -> clone
    43:43:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    44:44:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    46:46:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    26:33:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    1:6:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$HeadTracking$PeriodicReport$RecenterEvent[] emptyArray() -> emptyArray
    34:36:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$HeadTracking$PeriodicReport$RecenterEvent mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    45:45:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    20:25:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$HeadTracking$PeriodicReport$SafeRegionEvent -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$j$a$b:
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$HeadTracking$PeriodicReport$SafeRegionEvent[] _emptyArray -> a
    float[] hrsQuat -> e
    java.lang.Long timestampMs -> b
    float[] hrsPosition -> d
    java.lang.Boolean entered -> c
    7:9:void <init>() -> <init>
    10:16:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$HeadTracking$PeriodicReport$SafeRegionEvent clear() -> clear
    17:20:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$HeadTracking$PeriodicReport$SafeRegionEvent clone() -> clone
    117:117:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    118:118:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    120:120:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    40:55:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    1:6:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$HeadTracking$PeriodicReport$SafeRegionEvent[] emptyArray() -> emptyArray
    56:58:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$HeadTracking$PeriodicReport$SafeRegionEvent mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    119:119:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    26:39:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$HeadTracking$SafetyCylinderConfig -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$j$b:
    float[] outerFogColor -> e
    java.lang.Float exitEventRadius -> g
    java.lang.Float anchorWarningDistance -> h
    float[] innerFogColor -> d
    java.lang.Float enterEventRadius -> f
    java.lang.Float collisionSphereRadius -> c
    java.lang.Float innerRadius -> a
    java.lang.Float outerRadius -> b
    1:3:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:14:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$HeadTracking$SafetyCylinderConfig clear() -> clear
    15:18:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$HeadTracking$SafetyCylinderConfig clone() -> clone
    143:143:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    144:144:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    146:146:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    46:73:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    74:142:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$HeadTracking$SafetyCylinderConfig mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    145:145:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    24:45:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$HistogramBucket -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$k:
    java.lang.Integer count -> c
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$HistogramBucket[] _emptyArray -> a
    java.lang.Integer minimumValue -> b
    7:9:void <init>() -> <init>
    10:14:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$HistogramBucket clear() -> clear
    15:18:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$HistogramBucket clone() -> clone
    43:43:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    44:44:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    46:46:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    26:33:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    1:6:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$HistogramBucket[] emptyArray() -> emptyArray
    34:36:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$HistogramBucket mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    45:45:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    20:25:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$JumpInspector -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$l:
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$JumpInspector$PlaybackDetails playbackDetails -> b
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$JumpInspector$PickerDetails pickerEvent -> c
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$JumpInspector$MediaDetails mediaDetails -> a
    1:3:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:9:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$JumpInspector clear() -> clear
    10:13:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$JumpInspector clone() -> clone
    57:57:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    58:58:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    60:60:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    29:39:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    40:42:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$JumpInspector mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    59:59:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    21:28:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$JumpInspector$AudioDetails -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$l$a:
    java.lang.Integer audioBitRate -> c
    java.lang.Integer audioCodec -> d
    java.lang.Integer audioChannelCount -> e
    java.lang.Long mediaLengthSeconds -> a
    java.lang.Integer sampleRate -> b
    1:3:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:11:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$JumpInspector$AudioDetails clear() -> clear
    12:15:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$JumpInspector$AudioDetails clone() -> clone
    66:66:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    67:67:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    69:69:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    29:45:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    46:48:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$JumpInspector$AudioDetails mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    68:68:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    17:28:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$JumpInspector$ImageDetails -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$l$b:
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$JumpInspector$Resolution resolution -> a
    java.lang.Boolean usedMonoFilename -> b
    1:3:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:8:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$JumpInspector$ImageDetails clear() -> clear
    9:12:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$JumpInspector$ImageDetails clone() -> clone
    41:41:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    42:42:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    44:44:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    22:29:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    30:32:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$JumpInspector$ImageDetails mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    43:43:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    16:21:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$JumpInspector$ImagePlaybackDetails -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$l$c:
    java.lang.Integer playbackMode -> a
    1:3:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:7:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$JumpInspector$ImagePlaybackDetails clear() -> clear
    8:11:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$JumpInspector$ImagePlaybackDetails clone() -> clone
    34:34:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    35:35:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    37:37:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    17:21:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    22:24:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$JumpInspector$ImagePlaybackDetails mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    36:36:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    13:16:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$JumpInspector$MediaDetails -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$l$d:
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$JumpInspector$AudioDetails audioDetails -> d
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$JumpInspector$VideoDetails videoDetails -> b
    java.lang.String fileExtension -> a
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$JumpInspector$ImageDetails imageDetails -> c
    7:9:void <init>() -> <init>
    1:3:int checkAudioCodecOrThrow(int) -> a
    4:6:int checkVideoCodecOrThrow(int) -> b
    10:16:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$JumpInspector$MediaDetails clear() -> clear
    17:20:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$JumpInspector$MediaDetails clone() -> clone
    71:71:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    72:72:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    74:74:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    38:51:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    52:54:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$JumpInspector$MediaDetails mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    73:73:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    28:37:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$JumpInspector$PickerDetails -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$l$e:
    java.lang.Integer numberOfFiles -> a
    java.lang.Integer numberOfFolders -> b
    1:3:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:8:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$JumpInspector$PickerDetails clear() -> clear
    9:12:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$JumpInspector$PickerDetails clone() -> clone
    37:37:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    38:38:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    40:40:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    20:27:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    28:30:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$JumpInspector$PickerDetails mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    39:39:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    14:19:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$JumpInspector$PlaybackDetails -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$l$f:
    java.lang.Integer playbackEngine -> c
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$JumpInspector$ImagePlaybackDetails imagePlayback -> e
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$JumpInspector$VideoPlaybackDetails videoPlayback -> d
    java.lang.Long playbackDurationSeconds -> b
    java.lang.Integer playbackState -> a
    10:12:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:6:int checkPlaybackEngineOrThrow(int) -> a
    7:9:int checkPlaybackModeOrThrow(int) -> b
    1:3:int checkPlaybackStateOrThrow(int) -> c
    13:20:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$JumpInspector$PlaybackDetails clear() -> clear
    21:24:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$JumpInspector$PlaybackDetails clone() -> clone
    88:88:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    89:89:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    91:91:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    42:58:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    59:61:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$JumpInspector$PlaybackDetails mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    90:90:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    30:41:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$JumpInspector$Resolution -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$l$g:
    java.lang.Integer width -> a
    java.lang.Integer height -> b
    1:3:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:8:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$JumpInspector$Resolution clear() -> clear
    9:12:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$JumpInspector$Resolution clone() -> clone
    37:37:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    38:38:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    40:40:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    20:27:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    28:30:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$JumpInspector$Resolution mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    39:39:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    14:19:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$JumpInspector$SphericalMetadata -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$l$h:
    java.lang.Integer meshCrc -> c
    java.lang.Integer metadataVersion -> a
    java.lang.Integer projectionType -> b
    4:6:void <init>() -> <init>
    1:3:int checkProjectionTypeOrThrow(int) -> a
    7:12:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$JumpInspector$SphericalMetadata clear() -> clear
    13:16:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$JumpInspector$SphericalMetadata clone() -> clone
    53:53:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    54:54:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    56:56:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    26:36:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    37:39:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$JumpInspector$SphericalMetadata mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    55:55:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    18:25:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$JumpInspector$VideoDetails -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$l$i:
    java.lang.Integer sampleRate -> d
    java.lang.Double framesPerSecond -> c
    java.lang.Integer videoBitRate -> e
    java.lang.Integer audioBitRate -> f
    java.lang.Integer videoCodec -> g
    java.lang.Boolean usedMonoFilename -> k
    java.lang.Integer audioCodec -> h
    java.lang.Boolean usedWalleFilename -> l
    java.lang.Integer audioChannelCount -> j
    java.lang.Long mediaLengthSeconds -> a
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$JumpInspector$SphericalMetadata sphericalMetadata -> i
    java.lang.Boolean usedWallyFilename -> m
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$JumpInspector$Resolution resolution -> b
    1:3:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:19:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$JumpInspector$VideoDetails clear() -> clear
    20:23:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$JumpInspector$VideoDetails clone() -> clone
    143:143:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    144:144:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    146:146:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    57:97:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    98:142:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$JumpInspector$VideoDetails mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    145:145:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    29:56:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$JumpInspector$VideoPlaybackDetails -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$l$j:
    java.lang.Integer droppedFramesCount -> c
    java.lang.Integer playbackMode -> a
    java.lang.Boolean usedExternalSync -> b
    1:3:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:9:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$JumpInspector$VideoPlaybackDetails clear() -> clear
    10:13:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$JumpInspector$VideoPlaybackDetails clone() -> clone
    50:50:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    51:51:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    53:53:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    23:33:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    34:36:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$JumpInspector$VideoPlaybackDetails mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    52:52:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    15:22:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Keyboard -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$m:
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Keyboard$KeyboardEvent[] keyboardEvents -> a
    18:20:void <init>() -> <init>
    1:9:int checkKeyboardEventTypeOrThrow(int) -> a
    10:12:int checkKeyboardInputTypeOrThrow(int) -> b
    13:17:int checkKeyboardTextTypeOrThrow(int) -> c
    21:24:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Keyboard clear() -> clear
    25:28:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Keyboard clone() -> clone
    73:73:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    74:74:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    76:76:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    44:52:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    53:55:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Keyboard mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    75:75:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    36:43:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Keyboard$KeyboardEvent -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$m$a:
    java.lang.Integer eventType -> c
    java.lang.String[] voiceInputLanguages -> l
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Keyboard$KeyboardTextEntry textEntry -> d
    java.lang.String language -> h
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Keyboard$KeyboardEvent[] _emptyArray -> a
    java.lang.String layout -> j
    java.lang.Integer inputType -> i
    java.lang.Integer suggestionCount -> k
    java.lang.String[] enabledLanguages -> g
    java.lang.Long clientTimestamp -> b
    java.lang.String[] systemLanguages -> f
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Application keyboardService -> e
    7:9:void <init>() -> <init>
    10:23:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Keyboard$KeyboardEvent clear() -> clear
    24:27:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Keyboard$KeyboardEvent clone() -> clone
    211:211:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    212:212:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    214:214:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    75:136:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    1:6:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Keyboard$KeyboardEvent[] emptyArray() -> emptyArray
    137:210:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Keyboard$KeyboardEvent mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    213:213:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    39:74:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Keyboard$KeyboardTextEntry -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$m$b:
    java.lang.String layout -> c
    java.lang.Integer type -> a
    java.lang.Integer length -> b
    java.lang.String language -> d
    1:3:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:10:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Keyboard$KeyboardTextEntry clear() -> clear
    11:14:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Keyboard$KeyboardTextEntry clone() -> clone
    58:58:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    59:59:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    61:61:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    26:39:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    40:42:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Keyboard$KeyboardTextEntry mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    60:60:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    16:25:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Launcher -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$n:
    java.lang.Integer navItem -> a
    6:8:void <init>() -> <init>
    1:5:int checkNavItemOrThrow(int) -> a
    9:12:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Launcher clear() -> clear
    13:16:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Launcher clone() -> clone
    39:39:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    40:40:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    42:42:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    22:26:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    27:29:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Launcher mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    41:41:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    18:21:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$LoggingOptInState -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$o:
    java.lang.Boolean wasOptedIntoSwaa -> c
    java.lang.Integer numOptInAccounts -> a
    java.lang.Integer accountIndex -> b
    1:3:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:9:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$LoggingOptInState clear() -> clear
    10:13:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$LoggingOptInState clone() -> clone
    45:45:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    46:46:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    48:48:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    23:33:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    34:36:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$LoggingOptInState mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    47:47:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    15:22:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Lullaby -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$p:
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Lullaby$LoadTime loadTime -> d
    java.lang.String contentId -> c
    java.lang.Integer uiElement -> a
    java.lang.Integer index -> b
    10:12:void <init>() -> <init>
    1:9:int checkUiElementOrThrow(int) -> a
    13:19:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Lullaby clear() -> clear
    20:23:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Lullaby clone() -> clone
    71:71:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    72:72:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    74:74:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    37:50:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    51:53:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Lullaby mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    73:73:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    27:36:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Lullaby$LoadTime -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$p$a:
    java.lang.Long loadTimeMs -> b
    java.lang.Integer assetType -> a
    4:6:void <init>() -> <init>
    1:3:int checkAssetTypeOrThrow(int) -> a
    7:11:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Lullaby$LoadTime clear() -> clear
    12:15:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Lullaby$LoadTime clone() -> clone
    45:45:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    46:46:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    48:48:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    23:30:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    31:33:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Lullaby$LoadTime mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    47:47:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    17:22:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$PerformanceStats -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$q:
    java.lang.Integer memoryConsumptionKilobytes -> c
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$HistogramBucket[] postFrameTime -> k
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$HistogramBucket[] scanlineRacingVsyncOvershootUs -> m
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$TimeSeriesData timeSeriesData -> g
    java.lang.Float vrMaxSkinTemperatureCelsius -> e
    java.lang.Integer averageFps -> a
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$HistogramBucket[] presentTime -> i
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$PerformanceStats$RenderTargetSize[] renderTargetSizes -> y
    java.lang.Integer maxNumLayers -> x
    java.lang.Integer thermalEventFlags -> n
    float[] batteryShutdownTemperature -> t
    java.lang.Float edsFps -> v
    float[] cpuShutdownTemperature -> r
    float[] gpuThrottlingTemperature -> p
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$HistogramBucket[] consecutiveDroppedFrames -> l
    java.lang.Float shutdownSkinTemperatureCelsius -> f
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$HistogramBucket[] appRenderTime -> h
    java.lang.Float throttleSkinTemperatureCelsius -> d
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$HistogramBucket[] totalRenderTime -> j
    java.lang.Integer layerSizeRoundingIncrement -> w
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$HistogramBucket[] frameTime -> b
    float[] gpuShutdownTemperature -> s
    java.lang.Float averageAppFps -> u
    float[] batteryThrottlingTemperature -> q
    float[] cpuThrottlingTemperature -> o
    1:3:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:31:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$PerformanceStats clear() -> clear
    32:35:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$PerformanceStats clone() -> clone
    615:615:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    616:616:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    618:618:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    195:309:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    310:614:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$PerformanceStats mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    617:617:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    99:194:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$PerformanceStats$RenderTargetSize -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$q$a:
    java.lang.Integer y -> c
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$PerformanceStats$RenderTargetSize[] _emptyArray -> a
    java.lang.Long numFrames -> d
    java.lang.Integer x -> b
    7:9:void <init>() -> <init>
    10:15:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$PerformanceStats$RenderTargetSize clear() -> clear
    16:19:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$PerformanceStats$RenderTargetSize clone() -> clone
    51:51:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    52:52:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    54:54:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    29:39:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    1:6:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$PerformanceStats$RenderTargetSize[] emptyArray() -> emptyArray
    40:42:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$PerformanceStats$RenderTargetSize mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    53:53:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    21:28:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$PhoneAlignment -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$r:
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Vector2[] touchLocations -> a
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Vector2 lensOffset -> b
    java.lang.Float angleDegrees -> c
    1:3:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:9:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$PhoneAlignment clear() -> clear
    10:13:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$PhoneAlignment clone() -> clone
    76:76:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    77:77:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    79:79:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    35:49:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    50:52:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$PhoneAlignment mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    78:78:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    23:34:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Photos -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$s:
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Photos$WarmWelcome warmWelcome -> c
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Photos$OpenMedia openMedia -> b
    java.lang.Integer numPhotos -> a
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Photos$MediaStats mediaStats -> d
    1:3:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:10:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Photos clear() -> clear
    11:14:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Photos clone() -> clone
    65:65:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    66:66:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    68:68:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    32:45:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    46:48:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Photos mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    67:67:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    22:31:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Photos$MediaStats -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$s$a:
    java.lang.Integer numVrMedia -> a
    java.lang.Integer numAllMedia -> b
    1:3:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:8:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Photos$MediaStats clear() -> clear
    9:12:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Photos$MediaStats clone() -> clone
    37:37:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    38:38:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    40:40:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    20:27:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    28:30:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Photos$MediaStats mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    39:39:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    14:19:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Photos$OpenMedia -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$s$b:
    java.lang.Integer immersiveType -> d
    java.lang.Integer stereoType -> e
    java.lang.Boolean isSample -> c
    java.lang.Integer type -> a
    java.lang.Integer source -> b
    13:15:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:6:int checkImmersiveTypeOrThrow(int) -> a
    10:12:int checkMediaSourceOrThrow(int) -> b
    1:3:int checkMediaTypeOrThrow(int) -> c
    16:23:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Photos$OpenMedia clear() -> clear
    24:27:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Photos$OpenMedia clone() -> clone
    93:93:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    94:94:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    96:96:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    41:57:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    7:9:int checkStereoTypeOrThrow(int) -> d
    58:60:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Photos$OpenMedia mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    95:95:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    29:40:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Photos$WarmWelcome -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$s$c:
    java.lang.Float exitProgress -> a
    1:3:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:7:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Photos$WarmWelcome clear() -> clear
    8:11:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Photos$WarmWelcome clone() -> clone
    29:29:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    30:30:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    32:32:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    17:21:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    22:24:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Photos$WarmWelcome mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    31:31:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    13:16:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$QrCodeScan -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$t:
    java.lang.String headMountConfigUrl -> b
    java.lang.Integer status -> a
    4:6:void <init>() -> <init>
    1:3:int checkStatusOrThrow(int) -> a
    7:11:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$QrCodeScan clear() -> clear
    12:15:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$QrCodeScan clone() -> clone
    45:45:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    46:46:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    48:48:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    23:30:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    31:33:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$QrCodeScan mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    47:47:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    17:22:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Renderer -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$u:
    java.lang.String glVendor -> a
    java.lang.String glVersion -> c
    java.lang.String glRenderer -> b
    1:3:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:9:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Renderer clear() -> clear
    10:13:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Renderer clone() -> clone
    45:45:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    46:46:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    48:48:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    23:33:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    34:36:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Renderer mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    47:47:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    15:22:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$SdkConfigurationParams -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$SdkConfigurationParams:
    4:6:void <init>() -> <init>
    1:3:int checkDaydreamImageAlignmentOrThrow(int) -> checkDaydreamImageAlignmentOrThrow
    7:31:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$SdkConfigurationParams clear() -> clear
    32:35:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$SdkConfigurationParams clone() -> clone
    217:217:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    218:218:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    220:220:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    89:156:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    157:216:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$SdkConfigurationParams mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    219:219:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    43:88:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$SdkConfigurationParams$AsyncReprojectionConfig -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$SdkConfigurationParams$AsyncReprojectionConfig:
    1:3:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:14:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$SdkConfigurationParams$AsyncReprojectionConfig clear() -> clear
    15:18:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$SdkConfigurationParams$AsyncReprojectionConfig clone() -> clone
    85:85:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    86:86:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    88:88:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    38:63:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    64:66:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$SdkConfigurationParams$AsyncReprojectionConfig mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    87:87:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    20:37:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$SdkConfigurationParams$PerformanceOverlayInfo -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$SdkConfigurationParams$PerformanceOverlayInfo:
    1:3:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:7:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$SdkConfigurationParams$PerformanceOverlayInfo clear() -> clear
    8:11:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$SdkConfigurationParams$PerformanceOverlayInfo clone() -> clone
    29:29:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    30:30:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    32:32:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    17:21:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    22:24:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$SdkConfigurationParams$PerformanceOverlayInfo mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    31:31:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    13:16:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$SdkConfigurationParams$ScreenCaptureConfig -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$SdkConfigurationParams$ScreenCaptureConfig:
    1:3:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:9:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$SdkConfigurationParams$ScreenCaptureConfig clear() -> clear
    10:13:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$SdkConfigurationParams$ScreenCaptureConfig clone() -> clone
    45:45:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    46:46:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    48:48:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    23:33:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    34:36:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$SdkConfigurationParams$ScreenCaptureConfig mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    47:47:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    15:22:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$SensorStats -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$v:
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$SensorStats$GyroscopeStats gyroscopeStats -> a
    1:3:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:7:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$SensorStats clear() -> clear
    8:11:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$SensorStats clone() -> clone
    33:33:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    34:34:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    36:36:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    19:23:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    24:26:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$SensorStats mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    35:35:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    15:18:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$SensorStats$GyroscopeStats -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$v$a:
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$SensorStats$Vector3 bias -> a
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$SensorStats$Vector3 lowerBound -> b
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$SensorStats$Vector3 upperBound -> c
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$SensorStats$Vector3 standardDeviation -> d
    1:3:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:10:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$SensorStats$GyroscopeStats clear() -> clear
    11:14:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$SensorStats$GyroscopeStats clone() -> clone
    69:69:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    70:70:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    72:72:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    34:47:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    48:50:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$SensorStats$GyroscopeStats mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    71:71:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    24:33:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$SensorStats$Vector3 -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$v$b:
    java.lang.Float z -> c
    java.lang.Float x -> a
    java.lang.Float y -> b
    1:3:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:9:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$SensorStats$Vector3 clear() -> clear
    10:13:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$SensorStats$Vector3 clone() -> clone
    45:45:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    46:46:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    48:48:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    23:33:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    34:36:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$SensorStats$Vector3 mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    47:47:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    15:22:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$StandaloneHeadset -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$w:
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$StandaloneHeadset$IdleMetrics idleMetrics -> d
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$StandaloneHeadset$PowerState powerState -> a
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$StandaloneHeadset$HeadSetOnOffStats onOffStats -> c
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$StandaloneHeadset$MemoryStats memoryStats -> b
    1:3:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:10:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$StandaloneHeadset clear() -> clear
    11:14:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$StandaloneHeadset clone() -> clone
    69:69:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    70:70:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    72:72:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    34:47:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    48:50:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$StandaloneHeadset mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    71:71:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    24:33:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$StandaloneHeadset$HeadSetOnOffStats -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$w$a:
    java.lang.Long onOffCount -> a
    1:3:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:7:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$StandaloneHeadset$HeadSetOnOffStats clear() -> clear
    8:11:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$StandaloneHeadset$HeadSetOnOffStats clone() -> clone
    29:29:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    30:30:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    32:32:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    17:21:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    22:24:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$StandaloneHeadset$HeadSetOnOffStats mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    31:31:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    13:16:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$StandaloneHeadset$IdleMetrics -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$w$b:
    int[] idleReason -> b
    java.lang.Integer screenState -> a
    7:9:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:6:int checkIdleReasonOrThrow(int) -> a
    1:3:int checkScreenStateOrThrow(int) -> b
    10:14:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$StandaloneHeadset$IdleMetrics clear() -> clear
    15:18:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$StandaloneHeadset$IdleMetrics clone() -> clone
    109:109:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    110:110:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    112:112:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    30:43:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    44:46:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$StandaloneHeadset$IdleMetrics mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    111:111:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    22:29:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$StandaloneHeadset$MemoryStats -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$w$c:
    java.lang.Long availableMemoryKb -> c
    java.lang.Long timeSinceBootNs -> d
    java.lang.Long totalMemoryKb -> a
    java.lang.Long freeMemoryKb -> b
    1:3:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:10:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$StandaloneHeadset$MemoryStats clear() -> clear
    11:14:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$StandaloneHeadset$MemoryStats clone() -> clone
    53:53:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    54:54:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    56:56:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    26:39:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    40:42:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$StandaloneHeadset$MemoryStats mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    55:55:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    16:25:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$StandaloneHeadset$PowerState -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$w$d:
    java.lang.Long powerStateDurationNs -> b
    java.lang.Integer powerStates -> a
    4:6:void <init>() -> <init>
    1:3:int checkPowerStatesOrThrow(int) -> a
    7:11:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$StandaloneHeadset$PowerState clear() -> clear
    12:15:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$StandaloneHeadset$PowerState clone() -> clone
    45:45:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    46:46:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    48:48:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    23:30:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    31:33:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$StandaloneHeadset$PowerState mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    47:47:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    17:22:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$StreetView -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$x:
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$StreetView$PanoSession panoSession -> a
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$StreetView$TutorialSession tutorialSession -> b
    1:3:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:8:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$StreetView clear() -> clear
    9:12:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$StreetView clone() -> clone
    45:45:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    46:46:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    48:48:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    24:31:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    32:34:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$StreetView mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    47:47:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    18:23:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$StreetView$PanoSession -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$x$a:
    java.lang.Integer panosViewed -> c
    java.lang.Integer nodesNavigated -> d
    java.lang.Integer nextClicks -> e
    java.lang.Integer prevClicks -> f
    java.lang.Integer playPauseClicks -> g
    java.lang.Integer infoClicks -> h
    java.lang.Integer source -> a
    java.lang.Integer panosAvailable -> b
    4:6:void <init>() -> <init>
    1:3:int checkSourceOrThrow(int) -> a
    7:17:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$StreetView$PanoSession clear() -> clear
    18:21:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$StreetView$PanoSession clone() -> clone
    93:93:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    94:94:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    96:96:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    41:66:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    67:69:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$StreetView$PanoSession mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    95:95:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    23:40:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$StreetView$TutorialSession -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$x$b:
    java.lang.Integer tutorial -> a
    java.lang.Boolean completed -> b
    4:6:void <init>() -> <init>
    1:3:int checkTutorialOrThrow(int) -> a
    7:11:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$StreetView$TutorialSession clear() -> clear
    12:15:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$StreetView$TutorialSession clone() -> clone
    45:45:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    46:46:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    48:48:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    23:30:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    31:33:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$StreetView$TutorialSession mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    47:47:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    17:22:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$TimeSeriesData -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$y:
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$TimeSeriesData$TimeIntervalData[] timeIntervalData -> b
    java.lang.Integer timeIntervalSeconds -> a
    1:3:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:8:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$TimeSeriesData clear() -> clear
    9:12:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$TimeSeriesData clone() -> clone
    64:64:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    65:65:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    67:67:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    30:41:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    42:44:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$TimeSeriesData mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    66:66:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    20:29:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$TimeSeriesData$TimeIntervalData -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$y$a:
    java.lang.Integer edsThreadFrameDropCount -> d
    java.lang.Integer batteryLevel -> e
    java.lang.Integer batteryLevelDelta -> f
    java.lang.Integer thermalWarningsShown -> g
    float[] gpuTemperature -> i
    float[] batteryTemperature -> j
    float[] cpuTemperature -> h
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$TimeSeriesData$TimeIntervalData[] _emptyArray -> a
    java.lang.Float skinTemperature -> c
    java.lang.Integer intervalStartTimeSeconds -> b
    7:9:void <init>() -> <init>
    10:21:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$TimeSeriesData$TimeIntervalData clear() -> clear
    22:25:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$TimeSeriesData$TimeIntervalData clone() -> clone
    186:186:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    187:187:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    189:189:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    59:90:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    1:6:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$TimeSeriesData$TimeIntervalData[] emptyArray() -> emptyArray
    91:185:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$TimeSeriesData$TimeIntervalData mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    188:188:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    33:58:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Transform -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$z:
    java.lang.Float scale -> g
    java.lang.Float rotationQy -> e
    java.lang.Float rotationQz -> f
    java.lang.Float translationZ -> c
    java.lang.Float rotationQx -> d
    java.lang.Float translationX -> a
    java.lang.Float translationY -> b
    1:3:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:13:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Transform clear() -> clear
    14:17:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Transform clone() -> clone
    77:77:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    78:78:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    80:80:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    35:57:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    58:60:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Transform mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    79:79:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    19:34:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Vector2 -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$A:
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Vector2[] _emptyArray -> a
    java.lang.Float y -> c
    java.lang.Float x -> b
    7:9:void <init>() -> <init>
    10:14:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Vector2 clear() -> clear
    15:18:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Vector2 clone() -> clone
    43:43:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    44:44:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    46:46:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    26:33:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    1:6:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Vector2[] emptyArray() -> emptyArray
    34:36:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Vector2 mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    45:45:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    20:25:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Vr180Creator -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$B:
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Vr180Creator$PhotoMerge photoMerge -> e
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Vr180Creator$VideoPublish videoPublish -> c
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Vr180Creator$PhotoConvert photoConvert -> f
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Vr180Creator$VideoConvert videoConvert -> b
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Vr180Creator$ClientInfo clientInfo -> a
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Vr180Creator$PhotoSplit photoSplit -> d
    7:9:void <init>() -> <init>
    1:3:int checkStereoModeOrThrow(int) -> a
    4:6:int checkVideoCodecOrThrow(int) -> b
    10:18:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Vr180Creator clear() -> clear
    19:22:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Vr180Creator clone() -> clone
    99:99:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    100:100:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    102:102:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    50:69:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    70:72:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Vr180Creator mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    101:101:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    36:49:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Vr180Creator$ClientInfo -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$B$a:
    java.lang.String version -> b
    java.lang.Integer platform -> a
    4:6:void <init>() -> <init>
    1:3:int checkPlatformOrThrow(int) -> a
    7:11:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Vr180Creator$ClientInfo clear() -> clear
    12:15:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Vr180Creator$ClientInfo clone() -> clone
    45:45:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    46:46:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    48:48:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    23:30:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    31:33:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Vr180Creator$ClientInfo mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    47:47:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    17:22:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Vr180Creator$Fov -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$B$b:
    java.lang.Integer fovX -> a
    java.lang.Integer fovY -> b
    1:3:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:8:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Vr180Creator$Fov clear() -> clear
    9:12:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Vr180Creator$Fov clone() -> clone
    37:37:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    38:38:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    40:40:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    20:27:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    28:30:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Vr180Creator$Fov mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    39:39:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    14:19:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Vr180Creator$PhotoConvert -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$B$c:
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Vr180Creator$Resolution resolution -> a
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Vr180Creator$Status status -> b
    1:3:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:8:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Vr180Creator$PhotoConvert clear() -> clear
    9:12:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Vr180Creator$PhotoConvert clone() -> clone
    45:45:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    46:46:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    48:48:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    24:31:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    32:34:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Vr180Creator$PhotoConvert mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    47:47:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    18:23:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Vr180Creator$PhotoMerge -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$B$d:
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Vr180Creator$Resolution resolution -> a
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Vr180Creator$Status status -> b
    1:3:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:8:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Vr180Creator$PhotoMerge clear() -> clear
    9:12:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Vr180Creator$PhotoMerge clone() -> clone
    45:45:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    46:46:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    48:48:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    24:31:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    32:34:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Vr180Creator$PhotoMerge mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    47:47:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    18:23:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Vr180Creator$PhotoSplit -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$B$e:
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Vr180Creator$Resolution resolution -> a
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Vr180Creator$Status status -> b
    1:3:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:8:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Vr180Creator$PhotoSplit clear() -> clear
    9:12:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Vr180Creator$PhotoSplit clone() -> clone
    45:45:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    46:46:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    48:48:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    24:31:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    32:34:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Vr180Creator$PhotoSplit mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    47:47:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    18:23:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Vr180Creator$Resolution -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$B$f:
    java.lang.Integer width -> a
    java.lang.Integer height -> b
    1:3:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:8:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Vr180Creator$Resolution clear() -> clear
    9:12:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Vr180Creator$Resolution clone() -> clone
    37:37:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    38:38:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    40:40:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    20:27:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    28:30:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Vr180Creator$Resolution mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    39:39:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    14:19:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Vr180Creator$Status -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$B$g:
    java.lang.Long durationMs -> b
    java.lang.Integer code -> a
    4:6:void <init>() -> <init>
    1:3:int checkCodeOrThrow(int) -> a
    7:11:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Vr180Creator$Status clear() -> clear
    12:15:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Vr180Creator$Status clone() -> clone
    45:45:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    46:46:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    48:48:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    23:30:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    31:33:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Vr180Creator$Status mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    47:47:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    17:22:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Vr180Creator$VideoConvert -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$B$h:
    java.lang.Integer stereoMode -> c
    java.lang.Integer videoCodec -> d
    java.lang.Integer motionMode -> f
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Vr180Creator$Status status -> g
    com.google.common.logging.Vr$VREvent$Vr180Creator$VideoQuality videoQuality -> e
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Vr180Creator$Fov fov -> b
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Vr180Creator$VideoInfo videoInfo -> a
    4:6:void <init>() -> <init>
    1:3:int checkMotionModeOrThrow(int) -> a
    7:16:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Vr180Creator$VideoConvert clear() -> clear
    17:20:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Vr180Creator$VideoConvert clone() -> clone
    115:115:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    116:116:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    118:118:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    45:68:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    69:71:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Vr180Creator$VideoConvert mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    117:117:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    28:44:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Vr180Creator$VideoInfo -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$B$i:
    java.lang.Integer codec -> c
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Vr180Creator$Resolution resolution -> b
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Vr180Creator$VideoInfo$VrMetadata vrMetadata -> d
    java.lang.Long durationMs -> a
    1:3:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:10:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Vr180Creator$VideoInfo clear() -> clear
    11:14:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Vr180Creator$VideoInfo clone() -> clone
    66:66:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    67:67:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    69:69:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    30:43:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    44:46:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Vr180Creator$VideoInfo mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    68:68:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    20:29:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Vr180Creator$VideoInfo$VrMetadata -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$B$i$a:
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Vr180Creator$Fov v2EquirectCrop -> b
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Vr180Creator$Fov v1EquirectCrop -> c
    java.lang.Boolean hasMotion -> d
    java.lang.Integer projection -> a
    4:6:void <init>() -> <init>
    1:3:int checkProjectionOrThrow(int) -> a
    7:13:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Vr180Creator$VideoInfo$VrMetadata clear() -> clear
    14:17:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Vr180Creator$VideoInfo$VrMetadata clone() -> clone
    69:69:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    70:70:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    72:72:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    33:46:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    47:49:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Vr180Creator$VideoInfo$VrMetadata mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    71:71:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    23:32:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Vr180Creator$VideoPublish -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$B$j:
    java.lang.Integer videoCodec -> e
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Vr180Creator$Status status -> g
    com.google.common.logging.Vr$VREvent$Vr180Creator$VideoQuality videoQuality -> f
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Vr180Creator$VideoInfo videoInfo -> a
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Vr180Creator$Fov fov -> c
    java.lang.Boolean transcoded -> d
    java.lang.Integer stereoMode -> b
    1:3:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:13:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Vr180Creator$VideoPublish clear() -> clear
    14:17:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Vr180Creator$VideoPublish clone() -> clone
    107:107:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    108:108:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    110:110:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    42:65:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    66:68:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Vr180Creator$VideoPublish mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    109:109:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    25:41:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$VrCore -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$C:
    java.lang.Integer permission -> c
    java.lang.Integer clientApiVersion -> e
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$VrCore$CaptureEvent captureEvent -> j
    java.lang.Boolean isInDemoMode -> i
    java.lang.Long vrSessionId -> a
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Application foregroundApplication -> d
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Application previousForegroundApplication -> f
    java.lang.Integer errorCode -> b
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$VrCore$LockScreenEvent lockScreenEvent -> l
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$VrCore$DashboardEvent dashboardEvent -> h
    java.lang.Integer controllerHandedness -> k
    java.lang.Integer compositionType -> m
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$VrCore$Controller controller -> g
    28:30:void <init>() -> <init>
    25:27:int checkCompositionTypeOrThrow(int) -> a
    1:21:int checkErrorCodeOrThrow(int) -> b
    22:24:int checkPermissionOrThrow(int) -> c
    31:46:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$VrCore clear() -> clear
    47:50:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$VrCore clone() -> clone
    191:191:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    192:192:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    194:194:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    92:132:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    133:190:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$VrCore mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    193:193:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    64:91:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$VrCore$CaptureEvent -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$C$a:
    java.lang.Boolean initiatedByController -> a
    1:3:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:7:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$VrCore$CaptureEvent clear() -> clear
    8:11:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$VrCore$CaptureEvent clone() -> clone
    29:29:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    30:30:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    32:32:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    17:21:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    22:24:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$VrCore$CaptureEvent mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    31:31:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    13:16:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$VrCore$Controller -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$C$b:
    java.lang.Boolean isConnected -> f
    java.lang.String hardwareRevision -> h
    java.lang.Integer batteryLevel -> g
    java.lang.Integer xRailCount -> i
    java.lang.Integer yRailCount -> j
    java.lang.Integer zRailCount -> k
    java.lang.Integer sampleCount -> l
    java.lang.String manufacturer -> a
    java.lang.Integer sensorType -> m
    java.lang.Integer axis -> n
    java.lang.String firmware -> c
    java.lang.Integer otaRetries -> o
    java.lang.String model -> b
    java.lang.Integer totalControllerLagCount -> p
    java.lang.String softwareRevision -> e
    java.lang.Integer status -> q
    java.lang.String availableFirmware -> d
    7:9:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:6:int checkControllerAxisOrThrow(int) -> a
    1:3:int checkSensorTypeOrThrow(int) -> b
    10:29:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$VrCore$Controller clear() -> clear
    30:33:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$VrCore$Controller clone() -> clone
    173:173:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    174:174:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    176:176:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    71:123:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    124:172:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$VrCore$Controller mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    175:175:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    35:70:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$VrCore$DashboardEvent -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$C$c:
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$VrCore$DashboardEvent$DashboardDismissDetails dismissDetails -> f
    logs.proto.wireless.performance.mobile.MemoryMetric$AndroidMemoryStats worldAppMemoryStats -> e
    java.lang.Long clientTimestamp -> b
    java.lang.String sessionId -> c
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$Application worldApp -> d
    java.lang.Integer eventType -> a
    4:6:void <init>() -> <init>
    1:3:int checkDashboardEventTypeOrThrow(int) -> a
    7:15:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$VrCore$DashboardEvent clear() -> clear
    16:19:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$VrCore$DashboardEvent clone() -> clone
    87:87:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    88:88:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    90:90:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    41:60:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    61:63:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$VrCore$DashboardEvent mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    89:89:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    27:40:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$VrCore$DashboardEvent$DashboardDismissDetails -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$C$c$a:
    java.lang.Integer dismissReason -> a
    java.lang.Boolean worldAppDied -> b
    4:6:void <init>() -> <init>
    1:3:int checkDashboardDismissReasonOrThrow(int) -> a
    7:11:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$VrCore$DashboardEvent$DashboardDismissDetails clear() -> clear
    12:15:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$VrCore$DashboardEvent$DashboardDismissDetails clone() -> clone
    45:45:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    46:46:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    48:48:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    23:30:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    31:33:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$VrCore$DashboardEvent$DashboardDismissDetails mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    47:47:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    17:22:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$VrCore$LockScreenEvent -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$C$d:
    java.lang.Integer eventType -> a
    4:6:void <init>() -> <init>
    1:3:int checkLockScreenEventTypeOrThrow(int) -> a
    7:10:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$VrCore$LockScreenEvent clear() -> clear
    11:14:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$VrCore$LockScreenEvent clone() -> clone
    37:37:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    38:38:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    40:40:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    20:24:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    25:27:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$VrCore$LockScreenEvent mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    39:39:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    16:19:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$VrHome -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$D:
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$VrHome$Setup setup -> a
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$VrHome$GetViewerClick getViewerClick -> c
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$VrHome$DialogAction dialogAction -> d
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$GConfigUpdate gConfigUpdate -> b
    1:3:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:10:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$VrHome clear() -> clear
    11:14:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$VrHome clone() -> clone
    69:69:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    70:70:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    72:72:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    34:47:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    48:50:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$VrHome mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    71:71:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    24:33:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$VrHome$DialogAction -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$D$a:
    java.lang.Integer type -> a
    java.lang.Integer actionType -> b
    7:9:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:6:int checkDialogActionTypeOrThrow(int) -> a
    1:3:int checkDialogTypeOrThrow(int) -> b
    10:14:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$VrHome$DialogAction clear() -> clear
    15:18:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$VrHome$DialogAction clone() -> clone
    53:53:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    54:54:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    56:56:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    26:33:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    34:36:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$VrHome$DialogAction mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    55:55:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    20:25:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$VrHome$GetViewerClick -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$D$b:
    java.lang.String url -> a
    1:3:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:7:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$VrHome$GetViewerClick clear() -> clear
    8:11:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$VrHome$GetViewerClick clone() -> clone
    29:29:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    30:30:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    32:32:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    17:21:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    22:24:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$VrHome$GetViewerClick mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    31:31:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    13:16:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$VrHome$Setup -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$D$c:
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$VrHome$Setup$StepStateChange stepStateChange -> b
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$VrHome$Setup$View view -> a
    4:6:void <init>() -> <init>
    1:3:int checkStepOrThrow(int) -> a
    7:11:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$VrHome$Setup clear() -> clear
    12:15:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$VrHome$Setup clone() -> clone
    48:48:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    49:49:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    51:51:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    27:34:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    35:37:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$VrHome$Setup mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    50:50:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    21:26:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$VrHome$Setup$StepStateChange -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$D$c$a:
    java.lang.Integer newStepState -> c
    java.lang.Integer step -> a
    java.lang.Integer previousStepState -> b
    4:6:void <init>() -> <init>
    1:3:int checkStepStateOrThrow(int) -> a
    7:12:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$VrHome$Setup$StepStateChange clear() -> clear
    13:16:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$VrHome$Setup$StepStateChange clone() -> clone
    63:63:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    64:64:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    66:66:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    26:36:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    37:39:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$VrHome$Setup$StepStateChange mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    65:65:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    18:25:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$VrHome$Setup$View -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$D$c$b:
    java.lang.Integer step -> a
    java.lang.Integer page -> b
    1:3:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:8:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$VrHome$Setup$View clear() -> clear
    9:12:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$VrHome$Setup$View clone() -> clone
    42:42:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    43:43:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    45:45:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    20:27:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    28:30:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$VrHome$Setup$View mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    44:44:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    14:19:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$VrStreaming -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$E:
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$VrStreaming$SessionInfo sessionInfo -> a
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$VrStreaming$Frame[] frame -> b
    1:3:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:8:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$VrStreaming clear() -> clear
    9:12:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$VrStreaming clone() -> clone
    68:68:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    69:69:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    71:71:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    32:43:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    44:46:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$VrStreaming mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    70:70:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    22:31:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$VrStreaming$Frame -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$E$a:
    java.lang.Long poseSendTimeUsec -> c
    java.lang.Long framePresentTimeUsec -> d
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$VrStreaming$Frame[] _emptyArray -> a
    java.lang.Long decodeStartTimeUsec -> e
    java.lang.Integer poseId -> b
    java.lang.Long decodeEndTimeUsec -> f
    7:9:void <init>() -> <init>
    10:17:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$VrStreaming$Frame clear() -> clear
    18:21:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$VrStreaming$Frame clone() -> clone
    67:67:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    68:68:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    70:70:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    35:51:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    1:6:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$VrStreaming$Frame[] emptyArray() -> emptyArray
    52:54:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$VrStreaming$Frame mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    69:69:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    23:34:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$VrStreaming$SessionInfo -> com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$E$b:
    java.lang.String sessionId -> a
    1:3:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:7:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$VrStreaming$SessionInfo clear() -> clear
    8:11:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$VrStreaming$SessionInfo clone() -> clone
    29:29:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    30:30:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    32:32:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    17:21:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    22:24:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$VrStreaming$SessionInfo mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    31:31:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    13:16:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.common.logging.nano.VrBaseOuterClass$VrBase$HeadMount -> com.google.common.logging.nano.a:
    java.lang.String vendor -> a
    java.lang.String model -> b
    1:3:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:8:com.google.common.logging.nano.VrBaseOuterClass$VrBase$HeadMount clear() -> clear
    9:12:com.google.common.logging.nano.VrBaseOuterClass$VrBase$HeadMount clone() -> clone
    37:37:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    38:38:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    40:40:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    20:27:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    28:30:com.google.common.logging.nano.VrBaseOuterClass$VrBase$HeadMount mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    39:39:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    14:19:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano -> a.a.a.a.a:
    byte[] buffer -> a
    int sizeLimit -> j
    int recursionDepth -> h
    int recursionLimit -> i
    int lastTag -> f
    int currentLimit -> g
    int bufferSizeAfterLimit -> d
    int bufferPos -> e
    int bufferStart -> b
    int bufferSize -> c
    417:422:void <init>(byte[],int,int) -> <init>
    60:60:com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano newInstance(byte[],int,int) -> a
    94:95:void checkLastTagWas(int) -> a
    217:219:void readMessage(com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano) -> a
    521:526:int getBytesUntilLimit() -> a
    553:559:byte[] getData(int,int) -> a
    512:514:void popLimit(int) -> b
    542:542:int getPosition() -> b
    479:480:int pushLimit(int) -> c
    535:535:boolean isAtEnd() -> c
    184:184:boolean readBool() -> d
    596:597:byte[] readRawBytes(int) -> d
    149:149:double readDouble() -> e
    566:567:void rewindToPosition(int) -> e
    106:109:boolean skipField(int) -> f
    154:154:float readFloat() -> f
    169:169:int readInt32() -> g
    625:626:void skipRawBytes(int) -> g
    164:164:long readInt64() -> h
    583:584:byte readRawByte() -> i
    337:341:int readRawLittleEndian32() -> j
    349:357:long readRawLittleEndian64() -> k
    287:317:int readRawVarint32() -> l
    322:332:long readRawVarint64() -> m
    189:198:java.lang.String readString() -> n
    71:79:int readTag() -> o
    159:159:long readUInt64() -> p
    138:140:void skipMessage() -> q
    495:504:void recomputeBufferSizeAfterLimit() -> r
com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano -> a.a.a.a.b:
    java.nio.ByteBuffer buffer -> a
    60:61:void <init>(byte[],int,int) -> <init>
    63:66:void <init>(java.nio.ByteBuffer) -> <init>
    75:75:com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano newInstance(byte[]) -> a
    87:87:com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano newInstance(byte[],int,int) -> a
    340:362:int encodedLength(java.lang.CharSequence) -> a
    369:388:int encodedLengthGeneral(java.lang.CharSequence,int) -> a
    408:409:void encode(java.lang.CharSequence,java.nio.ByteBuffer) -> a
    457:498:int encode(java.lang.CharSequence,byte[],int,int) -> a
    562:562:int computeDoubleSize(int,double) -> a
    570:570:int computeFloatSize(int,float) -> a
    586:586:int computeInt64Size(int,long) -> a
    594:594:int computeInt32Size(int,int) -> a
    621:621:int computeBoolSize(int,boolean) -> a
    630:630:int computeStringSize(int,java.lang.String) -> a
    648:648:int computeMessageSize(int,com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano) -> a
    742:742:int computeDoubleSizeNoTag(double) -> a
    750:750:int computeFloatSizeNoTag(float) -> a
    766:766:int computeInt64SizeNoTag(long) -> a
    774:778:int computeInt32SizeNoTag(int) -> a
    803:803:int computeBoolSizeNoTag(boolean) -> a
    811:812:int computeStringSizeNoTag(java.lang.String) -> a
    828:829:int computeMessageSizeNoTag(com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano) -> a
    906:907:void checkNoSpaceLeft() -> a
    945:947:void writeRawByte(byte) -> a
    95:97:void writeDouble(int,double) -> b
    102:104:void writeFloat(int,float) -> b
    123:125:void writeInt32(int,int) -> b
    144:146:void writeBool(int,boolean) -> b
    151:153:void writeString(int,java.lang.String) -> b
    166:168:void writeMessage(int,com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano) -> b
    252:253:void writeDoubleNoTag(double) -> b
    257:258:void writeFloatNoTag(float) -> b
    292:293:void writeBoolNoTag(boolean) -> b
    301:325:void writeStringNoTag(java.lang.String) -> b
    428:454:void encodeDirect(java.lang.CharSequence,java.nio.ByteBuffer) -> b
    511:513:void writeMessageNoTag(com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano) -> b
    578:578:int computeUInt64Size(int,long) -> b
    895:895:int spaceLeft() -> b
    960:961:void writeRawBytes(byte[]) -> b
    966:970:void writeRawBytes(byte[],int,int) -> b
    1007:1011:int computeRawVarint32Size(int) -> b
    1029:1038:int computeRawVarint64Size(long) -> b
    116:118:void writeInt64(int,long) -> c
    758:758:int computeUInt64SizeNoTag(long) -> c
    977:978:void writeTag(int,int) -> c
    982:982:int computeTagSize(int) -> c
    109:111:void writeUInt64(int,long) -> d
    267:268:void writeInt64NoTag(long) -> d
    272:278:void writeInt32NoTag(int) -> d
    955:956:void writeRawByte(int) -> e
    1053:1054:void writeRawLittleEndian64(long) -> e
    1017:1022:void writeRawVarint64(long) -> f
    1043:1044:void writeRawLittleEndian32(int) -> f
    262:263:void writeUInt64NoTag(long) -> g
    991:996:void writeRawVarint32(int) -> g
com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano$OutOfSpaceException -> a.a.a.a.b$a:
    938:940:void <init>(int,int) -> <init>
com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano -> a.a.a.a.c:
    39:39:void <init>() -> <init>
    39:39:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    39:39:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    165:167:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    49:56:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    140:160:boolean storeUnknownField(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano,int) -> storeUnknownField
    61:68:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.protobuf.nano.Extension -> a.a.a.a.d:
    java.lang.Class clazz -> a
    int computeSerializedSize(java.lang.Object) -> a
    void writeTo(java.lang.Object,com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> a
com.google.protobuf.nano.FieldArray -> a.a.a.a.e:
    int[] mFieldNumbers -> c
    com.google.protobuf.nano.FieldData[] mData -> d
    int mSize -> e
    boolean mGarbage -> b
    com.google.protobuf.nano.FieldData DELETED -> a
    44:44:void <clinit>() -> <clinit>
    55:56:void <init>() -> <init>
    63:68:void <init>(int) -> <init>
    125:167:void put(int,com.google.protobuf.nano.FieldData) -> a
    174:178:int size() -> a
    191:195:com.google.protobuf.nano.FieldData dataAt(int) -> a
    260:265:boolean arrayEquals(int[],int[],int) -> a
    269:274:boolean arrayEquals(com.google.protobuf.nano.FieldData[],com.google.protobuf.nano.FieldData[],int) -> a
    75:78:com.google.protobuf.nano.FieldData get(int) -> b
    97:118:void gc() -> b
    241:256:int binarySearch(int) -> c
    43:43:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    280:289:com.google.protobuf.nano.FieldArray clone() -> clone
    233:237:int idealByteArraySize(int) -> d
    229:229:int idealIntArraySize(int) -> e
    200:212:boolean equals(java.lang.Object) -> equals
    217:225:int hashCode() -> hashCode
com.google.protobuf.nano.FieldData -> a.a.a.a.f:
    java.util.List unknownFieldData -> c
    java.lang.Object value -> b
    com.google.protobuf.nano.Extension cachedExtension -> a
    53:55:void <init>() -> <init>
    58:59:void addUnknownField(com.google.protobuf.nano.UnknownFieldData) -> a
    99:101:int computeSerializedSize() -> a
    111:112:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> a
    184:187:byte[] toByteArray() -> b
    42:42:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    192:237:com.google.protobuf.nano.FieldData clone() -> clone
    122:166:boolean equals(java.lang.Object) -> equals
    172:178:int hashCode() -> hashCode
com.google.protobuf.nano.InternalNano -> a.a.a.a.g:
    java.nio.charset.Charset ISO_8859_1 -> b
    java.nio.charset.Charset UTF_8 -> a
    java.lang.Object LAZY_INIT_LOCK -> c
    70:85:void <clinit>() -> <clinit>
    543:546:void cloneUnknownFieldData(com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano,com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano) -> a
com.google.protobuf.nano.InvalidProtocolBufferNanoException -> a.a.a.a.h:
    45:46:void <init>(java.lang.String) -> <init>
    73:73:com.google.protobuf.nano.InvalidProtocolBufferNanoException invalidEndTag() -> a
    68:68:com.google.protobuf.nano.InvalidProtocolBufferNanoException invalidTag() -> b
    78:78:com.google.protobuf.nano.InvalidProtocolBufferNanoException invalidWireType() -> c
    63:63:com.google.protobuf.nano.InvalidProtocolBufferNanoException malformedVarint() -> d
    57:57:com.google.protobuf.nano.InvalidProtocolBufferNanoException negativeSize() -> e
    83:83:com.google.protobuf.nano.InvalidProtocolBufferNanoException recursionLimitExceeded() -> f
    49:49:com.google.protobuf.nano.InvalidProtocolBufferNanoException truncatedMessage() -> g
com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano -> a.a.a.a.i:
    41:42:void <init>() -> <init>
    41:41:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    196:196:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    76:76:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    52:56:int getCachedSize() -> getCachedSize
    65:67:int getSerializedSize() -> getSerializedSize
    131:131:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano,byte[]) -> mergeFrom
    141:147:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano,byte[],int,int) -> mergeFrom
    100:102:byte[] toByteArray(com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano) -> toByteArray
    115:120:void toByteArray(com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano,byte[],int,int) -> toByteArray
    188:188:java.lang.String toString() -> toString
    87:87:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNanoPrinter -> a.a.a.a.j:
    62:70:java.lang.String print(com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano) -> a
    91:205:void print(java.lang.String,java.lang.Object,java.lang.StringBuffer,java.lang.StringBuffer) -> a
    211:222:java.lang.String deCamelCaseify(java.lang.String) -> a
    257:274:void appendQuotedBytes(byte[],java.lang.StringBuffer) -> a
    240:250:java.lang.String escapeString(java.lang.String) -> b
    229:233:java.lang.String sanitizeString(java.lang.String) -> c
com.google.protobuf.nano.UnknownFieldData -> a.a.a.a.k:
    byte[] bytes -> b
    int tag -> a
    51:54:void <init>(int,byte[]) -> <init>
    57:60:int computeSerializedSize() -> a
    64:66:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> a
    70:78:boolean equals(java.lang.Object) -> equals
    83:86:int hashCode() -> hashCode
com.google.protobuf.nano.WireFormatNano -> a.a.a.a.l:
    boolean[] EMPTY_BOOLEAN_ARRAY -> e
    byte[][] EMPTY_BYTES_ARRAY -> g
    long[] EMPTY_LONG_ARRAY -> b
    double[] EMPTY_DOUBLE_ARRAY -> d
    byte[] EMPTY_BYTES -> h
    float[] EMPTY_FLOAT_ARRAY -> c
    int[] EMPTY_INT_ARRAY -> a
    java.lang.String[] EMPTY_STRING_ARRAY -> f
    75:82:void <clinit>() -> <clinit>
    67:67:int getTagFieldNumber(int) -> a
    72:72:int makeTag(int,int) -> a
    113:121:int getRepeatedFieldArrayLength(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano,int) -> a
    62:62:int getTagWireType(int) -> b
com.google.vr.audio.DeviceInfo -> com.google.vr.audio.DeviceInfo:
    android.content.Context context -> b
    android.content.BroadcastReceiver headphoneStateReceiver -> c
    long nativeObject -> a
    1:5:void <init>(long,android.content.Context) -> <init>
    45:45:long access$000(com.google.vr.audio.DeviceInfo) -> a
    46:46:void access$100(com.google.vr.audio.DeviceInfo,long,int) -> a
    6:6:com.google.vr.audio.DeviceInfo createDeviceInfo(long,android.content.Context) -> createDeviceInfo
    29:35:int getSystemBufferSize() -> getSystemBufferSize
    23:28:int getSystemSampleRate() -> getSystemSampleRate
    36:44:boolean isBluetoothAudioDevicePluggedIn() -> isBluetoothAudioDevicePluggedIn
    12:22:boolean isHeadphonePluggedIn() -> isHeadphonePluggedIn
    7:9:void registerHandlers() -> registerHandlers
    10:11:void unregisterHandlers() -> unregisterHandlers
com.google.vr.audio.DeviceInfo$1 -> com.google.vr.audio.a:
    com.google.vr.audio.DeviceInfo this$0 -> a
    1:1:void <init>(com.google.vr.audio.DeviceInfo) -> <init>
    2:10:void onReceive(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent) -> onReceive
com.google.vr.cardboard.AndroidNCompat -> com.google.vr.cardboard.d:
    java.lang.String TAG -> a
    int sSdkLevelOverride -> b
    90:91:void <clinit>() -> <clinit>
    88:88:void <init>() -> <init>
    2:18:boolean setVrModeEnabled(android.app.Activity,boolean,int) -> a
    19:21:boolean isVrModeSupported(android.content.Context) -> a
    22:32:boolean setSustainedPerformanceMode(android.app.Activity,boolean) -> a
    33:42:void setVrThread(int) -> a
    72:80:boolean handleVrCoreAbsence(android.content.Context,int) -> a
    81:87:void showWarningDialog(android.content.Context,int,int,android.content.DialogInterface$OnClickListener) -> a
    89:89:java.lang.String access$000() -> a
    1:1:boolean setVrModeEnabled(android.app.Activity,boolean) -> b
    50:50:boolean isAtLeastN() -> b
    58:70:int checkForVrCorePresence(android.content.Context) -> b
    51:54:boolean isVrModeHighPerformanceSupported(android.content.Context) -> c
    55:56:boolean isAtLeastNMR1() -> c
com.google.vr.cardboard.AndroidNCompat$1 -> com.google.vr.cardboard.a:
    android.content.Context val$context -> a
    1:1:void <init>(android.content.Context) -> <init>
    2:9:void onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int) -> onClick
com.google.vr.cardboard.AndroidNCompat$2 -> com.google.vr.cardboard.b:
    android.content.Context val$context -> a
    1:1:void <init>(android.content.Context) -> <init>
    2:3:void onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int) -> onClick
com.google.vr.cardboard.AndroidNCompat$3 -> com.google.vr.cardboard.c:
    1:1:void <init>() -> <init>
    2:2:void onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int) -> onClick
com.google.vr.cardboard.AndroidPCompat -> com.google.vr.cardboard.e:
    1:1:void <init>() -> <init>
    2:2:boolean isAtLeastP() -> a
    3:17:com.google.vr.cardboard.AndroidPCompat$DisplayCutoutCompat getDisplayCutout(android.view.Display) -> a
    18:28:boolean doesWindowExtendIntoCutoutArea(android.view.Window) -> a
com.google.vr.cardboard.AndroidPCompat$DisplayCutoutCompat -> com.google.vr.cardboard.e$a:
    java.lang.Object displayCutout -> b
    java.lang.Class DISPLAY_CUTOUT_CLASS -> a
    22:22:void <clinit>() -> <clinit>
    6:8:void <init>(java.lang.Object) -> <init>
    1:5:com.google.vr.cardboard.AndroidPCompat$DisplayCutoutCompat create(java.lang.Object) -> a
    10:10:int getSafeInsetBottom() -> a
    13:16:int tryGetInt(java.lang.String) -> a
    11:11:int getSafeInsetLeft() -> b
    12:12:int getSafeInsetRight() -> c
    9:9:int getSafeInsetTop() -> d
    17:21:java.lang.Class tryGetDisplayCutoutClass() -> e
com.google.vr.cardboard.ConfigUtils -> com.google.vr.cardboard.f:
    java.lang.String TAG -> a
    134:134:void <clinit>() -> <clinit>
    1:1:void <init>() -> <init>
    2:4:com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.CardboardDevice$DeviceParams readDeviceParamsFromExternalStorage() -> a
    20:24:boolean writeDeviceParamsToExternalStorage(com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.CardboardDevice$DeviceParams) -> a
    42:47:java.io.File getConfigFile(java.lang.String) -> a
    49:67:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano readFromExternalStorage(java.lang.Class,java.lang.String,int,boolean) -> a
    68:95:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano readFromInputStream(java.lang.Class,java.io.InputStream,int) -> a
    96:122:boolean writeToExternalStorage(com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano,java.lang.String,int) -> a
    124:133:boolean writeToOutputStream(com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano,java.io.OutputStream,int) -> a
    17:19:com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.Display$DisplayParams readDisplayParamsFromExternalStorage() -> b
    33:41:boolean removeDeviceParamsFromExternalStorage() -> c
com.google.vr.cardboard.ContentProviderVrParamsProvider -> com.google.vr.cardboard.g:
    android.net.Uri recentHeadsetsSettingUri -> g
    android.net.Uri sdkConfigurationParamsSettingUri -> f
    android.net.Uri displayParamsSettingUri -> e
    android.content.ContentProviderClient client -> b
    java.lang.String TAG -> a
    android.net.Uri userPrefsUri -> d
    android.net.Uri deviceParamsSettingUri -> c
    66:66:void <clinit>() -> <clinit>
    1:3:void <init>(android.content.ContentProviderClient,java.lang.String) -> <init>
    18:18:com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.CardboardDevice$DeviceParams readDeviceParams() -> a
    19:19:boolean writeDeviceParams(com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.CardboardDevice$DeviceParams) -> a
    22:23:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$SdkConfigurationParams readSdkConfigurationParams(com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.SdkConfiguration$SdkConfigurationRequest) -> a
    30:52:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano readParams(com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano,android.net.Uri,java.lang.String) -> a
    53:62:boolean writeParams(com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano,android.net.Uri) -> a
    21:21:com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.Display$DisplayParams readDisplayParams() -> b
    24:24:com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.Preferences$UserPrefs readUserPrefs() -> c
    26:29:void close() -> close
com.google.vr.cardboard.ContextUtils -> com.google.vr.cardboard.h:
    2:10:android.app.Activity getActivity(android.content.Context) -> a
    12:17:android.content.ComponentName getComponentName(android.content.Context) -> b
com.google.vr.cardboard.DisplaySynchronizer -> com.google.vr.cardboard.DisplaySynchronizer:
    android.view.Display display -> d
    long lastDisplayRotationUpdateTimeNanos -> g
    long nativeDisplaySynchronizer -> b
    int displayRotationDegrees -> f
    long DISPLAY_ROTATION_REFRESH_INTERVAL_NANOS -> a
    android.util.DisplayMetrics displayMetrics -> e
    com.google.vr.cardboard.FrameMonitor frameMonitor -> c
    79:79:void <clinit>() -> <clinit>
    1:7:void <init>(android.content.Context,android.view.Display) -> <init>
    12:15:void disableFrameMonitor() -> a
    16:27:void setDisplay(android.view.Display) -> a
    51:52:long getNativeDisplaySynchronizer() -> b
    42:43:void onConfigurationChanged() -> c
    35:37:void onPause() -> d
    53:68:void doFrame(long) -> doFrame
    38:41:void onResume() -> e
    44:50:void shutdown() -> f
    29:34:void finalize() -> finalize
    69:70:void checkNativeDisplaySynchronizer() -> g
    72:78:void invalidateDisplayProperties() -> h
com.google.vr.cardboard.DisplayUtils -> com.google.vr.cardboard.i:
    2:3:android.view.Display getDefaultDisplay(android.content.Context) -> a
    4:15:android.util.DisplayMetrics getDisplayMetricsLandscape(android.view.Display) -> a
    16:22:android.util.DisplayMetrics getDisplayMetricsLandscapeWithOverride(android.view.Display,com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.Display$DisplayParams) -> a
    23:25:float getBorderSizeMeters(com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.Display$DisplayParams) -> a
    26:31:int getCutoutMarginLandscapePixels(android.content.Context,android.view.Display,com.google.vr.cardboard.AndroidPCompat) -> a
    32:32:float getMetersPerPixelFromDotsPerInch(float) -> a
    51:54:boolean isSameDisplay(android.view.Display,android.view.Display) -> a
    33:38:java.lang.String getExternalDisplayName(android.content.Context) -> b
com.google.vr.cardboard.EglFactory -> com.google.vr.cardboard.j:
    javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGLContext sharedContext -> f
    int eglContextClientVersion -> e
    boolean usePriority -> a
    boolean useProtected -> b
    boolean useDebug -> c
    boolean errorReportingEnabled -> d
    1:8:void <init>() -> <init>
    17:18:void setSharedContext(javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGLContext) -> a
    19:20:void setErrorReportingEnabled(boolean) -> a
    61:62:void setEGLContextClientVersion(int) -> a
    63:64:boolean supportsProtectedContent(javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGL10,javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGLDisplay) -> a
    15:16:void setUseDebug(boolean) -> b
    9:10:void setUsePriorityContext(boolean) -> c
    21:47:javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGLContext createContext(javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGL10,javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGLDisplay,javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGLConfig) -> createContext
    50:58:javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGLSurface createWindowSurface(javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGL10,javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGLDisplay,javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGLConfig,java.lang.Object) -> createWindowSurface
    11:14:void setUseProtectedBuffers(boolean) -> d
    48:49:void destroyContext(javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGL10,javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGLDisplay,javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGLContext) -> destroyContext
    59:60:void destroySurface(javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGL10,javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGLDisplay,javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGLSurface) -> destroySurface
com.google.vr.cardboard.EglReadyListener -> com.google.vr.cardboard.EglReadyListener:
    java.lang.Object listenerLock -> f
    java.lang.Object contextInfoLock -> d
    com.google.vr.cardboard.EglReadyListener$EventListener listener -> e
    javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGLContext eglContext -> a
    int eglContextFlags -> b
    int glVersion -> c
    1:4:void <init>() -> <init>
    5:7:void setEventListener(com.google.vr.cardboard.EglReadyListener$EventListener) -> a
    26:30:void clearContext() -> a
    34:45:int parseVersionString(java.lang.String) -> a
    31:31:javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGLContext getEGLContext() -> b
    32:32:int getEGLContextFlags() -> c
    33:33:int getGLVersion() -> d
    8:10:void releaseEventListener() -> e
    11:21:void onEglReady() -> onEglReady
com.google.vr.cardboard.EglReadyListener$EventListener -> com.google.vr.cardboard.EglReadyListener$a:
com.google.vr.cardboard.ExternalSurfaceManager -> com.google.vr.cardboard.ExternalSurfaceManager:
    com.google.vr.cardboard.ExternalSurfaceManager$ExternalSurfaceData surfaceData -> e
    java.lang.Object surfaceDataUpdateLock -> d
    com.google.vr.cardboard.ExternalSurfaceManager$SurfaceTextureFactory surfaceTextureFactory -> c
    int nextID -> f
    com.google.vr.cardboard.ExternalSurfaceManager$UpdateSurfaceCallback updateSurfaceCallback -> b
    java.lang.String TAG -> a
    boolean isAttachedToGlContext -> g
    104:104:void <clinit>() -> <clinit>
    1:2:void <init>(long) -> <init>
    3:9:void <init>(com.google.vr.cardboard.ExternalSurfaceManager$UpdateSurfaceCallback,com.google.vr.cardboard.ExternalSurfaceManager$SurfaceTextureFactory) -> <init>
    27:35:int createExternalSurfaceImpl(int,int,com.google.vr.cardboard.ExternalSurfaceManager$ExternalSurfaceCallback) -> a
    88:99:void consumerUpdateManagedSurfaceHelper(com.google.vr.cardboard.ExternalSurfaceManager$ExternalSurfaceConsumer) -> a
    101:101:void lambda$consumerUpdateManagedSurfaces$0$ExternalSurfaceManager(com.google.vr.cardboard.ExternalSurfaceManager$ExternalSurface) -> a
    102:102:void access$000(long,int,int,long,float[]) -> a
    103:103:void access$200(long) -> a
    100:100:void lambda$consumerUpdateManagedSurfacesSequentially$1$ExternalSurfaceManager(com.google.vr.cardboard.ExternalSurfaceManager$ExternalSurface) -> b
    50:56:void consumerAttachToCurrentGLContext() -> consumerAttachToCurrentGLContext
    57:76:void consumerAttachToCurrentGLContext(java.util.Map) -> consumerAttachToCurrentGLContext
    77:83:void consumerDetachFromCurrentGLContext() -> consumerDetachFromCurrentGLContext
    84:85:void consumerUpdateManagedSurfaces() -> consumerUpdateManagedSurfaces
    86:87:void consumerUpdateManagedSurfacesSequentially() -> consumerUpdateManagedSurfacesSequentially
    22:22:int createExternalSurface() -> createExternalSurface
    23:24:int createExternalSurface(int,int,java.lang.Runnable,java.lang.Runnable,android.os.Handler) -> createExternalSurface
    26:26:int createExternalSurfaceWithNativeCallback(int,int,long,long) -> createExternalSurfaceWithNativeCallback
    45:49:android.view.Surface getSurface(int) -> getSurface
    36:43:void releaseExternalSurface(int) -> releaseExternalSurface
    10:21:void shutdown() -> shutdown
com.google.vr.cardboard.ExternalSurfaceManager$$Lambda$0 -> com.google.vr.cardboard.k:
    com.google.vr.cardboard.ExternalSurfaceManager arg$1 -> a
    void accept(com.google.vr.cardboard.ExternalSurfaceManager$ExternalSurface) -> a
com.google.vr.cardboard.ExternalSurfaceManager$$Lambda$1 -> com.google.vr.cardboard.l:
    com.google.vr.cardboard.ExternalSurfaceManager arg$1 -> a
    void accept(com.google.vr.cardboard.ExternalSurfaceManager$ExternalSurface) -> a
com.google.vr.cardboard.ExternalSurfaceManager$1 -> com.google.vr.cardboard.m:
    long val$nativeSurfaceManager -> a
    1:1:void <init>(long) -> <init>
    2:3:void updateSurface(int,int,long,float[]) -> a
com.google.vr.cardboard.ExternalSurfaceManager$2 -> com.google.vr.cardboard.n:
    1:1:void <init>() -> <init>
    2:2:android.graphics.SurfaceTexture createSurfaceTexture(int) -> a
com.google.vr.cardboard.ExternalSurfaceManager$AndroidHandlerCallback -> com.google.vr.cardboard.ExternalSurfaceManager$a:
    java.lang.Runnable frameListener -> b
    android.os.Handler handler -> c
    java.lang.Runnable surfaceListener -> a
    1:5:void <init>(java.lang.Runnable,java.lang.Runnable,android.os.Handler) -> <init>
    12:16:void cancelPosts() -> a
    6:8:void onSurfaceAvailable() -> b
    9:11:void onFrameAvailable() -> onFrameAvailable
com.google.vr.cardboard.ExternalSurfaceManager$ExternalSurface -> com.google.vr.cardboard.ExternalSurfaceManager$b:
    boolean isShutdown -> m
    int surfaceTextureWidth -> h
    com.google.vr.cardboard.ExternalSurfaceManager$ExternalSurfaceCallback callback -> b
    int surfaceTextureHeight -> i
    boolean isAttached -> l
    com.google.vr.cardboard.ExternalSurfaceManager$SurfaceTextureFactory surfaceTextureFactory -> c
    float[] transformMatrix -> d
    java.lang.Object onFrameAvailableShutdownLock -> n
    int id -> a
    java.util.concurrent.atomic.AtomicInteger frameAvailableCallbackCount -> e
    int[] glTextureId -> g
    java.util.concurrent.atomic.AtomicBoolean released -> f
    android.graphics.SurfaceTexture surfaceTexture -> j
    android.view.Surface surface -> k
    1:15:void <init>(int,int,int,com.google.vr.cardboard.ExternalSurfaceManager$ExternalSurfaceCallback,com.google.vr.cardboard.ExternalSurfaceManager$SurfaceTextureFactory) -> <init>
    21:36:void maybeAttachToCurrentGLContext(int) -> a
    63:65:android.view.Surface getSurface() -> a
    66:68:void shutdown(com.google.vr.cardboard.ExternalSurfaceManager$UpdateSurfaceCallback) -> a
    81:81:java.util.concurrent.atomic.AtomicBoolean access$100(com.google.vr.cardboard.ExternalSurfaceManager$ExternalSurface) -> a
    16:20:void maybeAttachToCurrentGLContext() -> b
    44:52:void updateSurfaceTexture(com.google.vr.cardboard.ExternalSurfaceManager$UpdateSurfaceCallback) -> b
    82:82:java.util.concurrent.atomic.AtomicInteger access$300(com.google.vr.cardboard.ExternalSurfaceManager$ExternalSurface) -> b
    37:43:void maybeDetachFromCurrentGLContext() -> c
    53:62:void updateSurfaceTextureSequentially(com.google.vr.cardboard.ExternalSurfaceManager$UpdateSurfaceCallback) -> c
    83:83:java.lang.Object access$400(com.google.vr.cardboard.ExternalSurfaceManager$ExternalSurface) -> c
    84:84:boolean access$500(com.google.vr.cardboard.ExternalSurfaceManager$ExternalSurface) -> d
    85:85:com.google.vr.cardboard.ExternalSurfaceManager$ExternalSurfaceCallback access$600(com.google.vr.cardboard.ExternalSurfaceManager$ExternalSurface) -> e
com.google.vr.cardboard.ExternalSurfaceManager$ExternalSurface$1 -> com.google.vr.cardboard.o:
    com.google.vr.cardboard.ExternalSurfaceManager$ExternalSurface this$0 -> a
    1:1:void <init>(com.google.vr.cardboard.ExternalSurfaceManager$ExternalSurface) -> <init>
    2:6:void onFrameAvailable(android.graphics.SurfaceTexture) -> onFrameAvailable
com.google.vr.cardboard.ExternalSurfaceManager$ExternalSurfaceCallback -> com.google.vr.cardboard.ExternalSurfaceManager$c:
    void cancelPosts() -> a
    void onSurfaceAvailable() -> b
com.google.vr.cardboard.ExternalSurfaceManager$ExternalSurfaceConsumer -> com.google.vr.cardboard.ExternalSurfaceManager$d:
    void accept(com.google.vr.cardboard.ExternalSurfaceManager$ExternalSurface) -> a
com.google.vr.cardboard.ExternalSurfaceManager$ExternalSurfaceData -> com.google.vr.cardboard.ExternalSurfaceManager$e:
    java.util.HashMap surfacesToRelease -> b
    java.util.HashMap surfaces -> a
    1:4:void <init>() -> <init>
    5:14:void <init>(com.google.vr.cardboard.ExternalSurfaceManager$ExternalSurfaceData) -> <init>
com.google.vr.cardboard.ExternalSurfaceManager$NativeCallback -> com.google.vr.cardboard.ExternalSurfaceManager$f:
    android.os.Handler surfaceMainHandler -> c
    long nativeFrameCallbackPtr -> b
    java.lang.Runnable surfaceListener -> a
    1:5:void <init>(long,long) -> <init>
    10:11:void cancelPosts() -> a
    12:12:void lambda$new$0$ExternalSurfaceManager$NativeCallback(long) -> a
    6:7:void onSurfaceAvailable() -> b
    8:9:void onFrameAvailable() -> onFrameAvailable
com.google.vr.cardboard.ExternalSurfaceManager$NativeCallback$$Lambda$0 -> com.google.vr.cardboard.p:
    long arg$1 -> a
com.google.vr.cardboard.ExternalSurfaceManager$SurfaceTextureFactory -> com.google.vr.cardboard.ExternalSurfaceManager$g:
    android.graphics.SurfaceTexture createSurfaceTexture(int) -> a
com.google.vr.cardboard.ExternalSurfaceManager$UpdateSurfaceCallback -> com.google.vr.cardboard.ExternalSurfaceManager$h:
    void updateSurface(int,int,long,float[]) -> a
com.google.vr.cardboard.FrameMonitor -> com.google.vr.cardboard.q:
    android.os.Handler handler -> d
    boolean isResumed -> f
    java.lang.String TAG -> a
    android.view.Choreographer$FrameCallback callback -> b
    android.os.HandlerThread choreographerOwnerThread -> c
    android.view.Choreographer choreographer -> e
    42:42:void <clinit>() -> <clinit>
    1:2:void <init>(android.view.Choreographer$FrameCallback) -> <init>
    3:7:void <init>(android.view.Choreographer,android.view.Choreographer$FrameCallback) -> <init>
    8:11:void init() -> a
    13:17:void onPause() -> b
    18:22:void onResume() -> c
    23:29:void shutdown() -> d
    30:32:void doFrame(long) -> doFrame
    33:36:boolean handleMessage(android.os.Message) -> handleMessage
com.google.vr.cardboard.IsEmulator -> com.google.vr.cardboard.r:
    2:3:boolean isEmulator() -> a
com.google.vr.cardboard.LegacyVrParamsProvider -> com.google.vr.cardboard.s:
    android.content.Context context -> b
    java.lang.String TAG -> a
    19:19:void <clinit>() -> <clinit>
    1:3:void <init>(android.content.Context) -> <init>
    4:4:com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.CardboardDevice$DeviceParams readDeviceParams() -> a
    5:7:boolean writeDeviceParams(com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.CardboardDevice$DeviceParams) -> a
    14:14:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$SdkConfigurationParams readSdkConfigurationParams(com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.SdkConfiguration$SdkConfigurationRequest) -> a
    8:11:com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.Display$DisplayParams readDisplayParams() -> b
    12:12:com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.Preferences$UserPrefs readUserPrefs() -> c
    15:15:void close() -> close
com.google.vr.cardboard.MutableEglConfigChooser -> com.google.vr.cardboard.t:
    boolean IS_EMULATOR -> a
    boolean forceMutableBuffer -> b
    42:42:void <clinit>() -> <clinit>
    1:3:void <init>() -> <init>
    25:37:javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGLConfig chooseConfig(javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGL10,javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGLDisplay,javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGLConfig[],boolean) -> a
    38:41:int findConfigAttrib(javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGL10,javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGLDisplay,javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGLConfig,int,int) -> a
    8:14:javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGLConfig chooseConfig(javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGL10,javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGLDisplay) -> chooseConfig
com.google.vr.cardboard.PackageUtils -> com.google.vr.cardboard.u:
    2:2:boolean isGooglePackage(java.lang.String) -> a
    3:10:boolean isSystemPackage(android.content.Context,java.lang.String) -> a
com.google.vr.cardboard.PpiOverrides -> com.google.vr.cardboard.v:
    java.util.List PPI_OVERRIDES -> c
    java.lang.String TAG -> a
    java.util.ArrayList supportedDisplaySizes -> b
    69:83:void <clinit>() -> <clinit>
    1:1:void <init>() -> <init>
    2:17:boolean getPpiOverride(java.util.List,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.Display$DisplayParams) -> a
    18:36:com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.Display$DisplayParams getPpiOverride(android.content.Context) -> a
    48:58:java.util.ArrayList getSupportedDisplaySizes(android.view.Display) -> a
    59:68:java.lang.String hashString(java.lang.String) -> a
com.google.vr.cardboard.PpiOverrides$PpiOverride -> com.google.vr.cardboard.v$a:
    java.lang.Float bottomBezelHeight -> g
    java.lang.String manufacturer -> a
    java.lang.Float xPpi -> e
    java.lang.Float yPpi -> f
    java.lang.String model -> c
    java.lang.String device -> b
    java.lang.String hardware -> d
    1:9:void <init>(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.Float,java.lang.Float,java.lang.Float) -> <init>
    10:11:void <init>(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,float,float) -> <init>
    12:15:boolean isMatching(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String) -> a
com.google.vr.cardboard.R$dimen -> com.google.vr.cardboard.w:
com.google.vr.cardboard.R$id -> com.google.vr.cardboard.x:
com.google.vr.cardboard.R$layout -> com.google.vr.cardboard.y:
com.google.vr.cardboard.R$string -> com.google.vr.cardboard.z:
com.google.vr.cardboard.R$style -> com.google.vr.cardboard.A:
com.google.vr.cardboard.ScanlineRacingRenderer -> com.google.vr.cardboard.C:
    com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrApi gvrApi -> a
    com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrSurfaceView gvrSurfaceView -> b
    1:3:void <init>(com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrApi) -> <init>
    6:7:void setSurfaceView(com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrSurfaceView) -> a
    22:23:void setSurfaceSize(int,int) -> a
    24:25:void onPause() -> a
    26:26:com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrSurfaceView access$000(com.google.vr.cardboard.ScanlineRacingRenderer) -> a
    20:21:void onSurfaceDestroyed() -> b
    16:19:void onDrawFrame(javax.microedition.khronos.opengles.GL10) -> onDrawFrame
    14:15:void onSurfaceChanged(javax.microedition.khronos.opengles.GL10,int,int) -> onSurfaceChanged
    10:13:void onSurfaceCreated(javax.microedition.khronos.opengles.GL10,javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGLConfig) -> onSurfaceCreated
com.google.vr.cardboard.ScanlineRacingRenderer$1 -> com.google.vr.cardboard.B:
    com.google.vr.cardboard.ScanlineRacingRenderer this$0 -> c
    int val$surfaceHeightPixels -> b
    int val$surfaceWidthPixels -> a
    1:1:void <init>(com.google.vr.cardboard.ScanlineRacingRenderer,int,int) -> <init>
    2:5:void run() -> run
com.google.vr.cardboard.StoragePermissionUtils -> com.google.vr.cardboard.D:
    java.lang.String TAG -> a
    12:12:void <clinit>() -> <clinit>
    1:1:void <init>() -> <init>
    2:11:void requestStoragePermission(android.content.Context) -> a
com.google.vr.cardboard.ThreadUtils -> com.google.vr.cardboard.E:
    android.os.Handler uiHandler -> a
    14:14:void <clinit>() -> <clinit>
    2:5:void runOnUiThread(java.lang.Runnable) -> a
    8:8:boolean runningOnUiThread() -> a
com.google.vr.cardboard.TransitionView -> com.google.vr.cardboard.K:
    java.lang.Runnable transitionListener -> d
    android.view.OrientationEventListener orientationEventListener -> b
    java.lang.Runnable backButtonListener -> f
    boolean rotationChecked -> c
    android.widget.ImageButton backButton -> e
    int orientation -> a
    1:7:void <init>(android.content.Context) -> <init>
    56:57:void rotateViewIfNeeded() -> a
    84:99:void fadeOutAndRemove(boolean) -> a
    114:114:void access$000(com.google.vr.cardboard.TransitionView,boolean) -> a
    115:115:int access$102(com.google.vr.cardboard.TransitionView,int) -> a
    116:116:boolean access$200(com.google.vr.cardboard.TransitionView) -> a
    118:118:boolean access$400(int) -> a
    35:39:void startOrientationMonitor() -> b
    117:117:void access$300(com.google.vr.cardboard.TransitionView) -> b
    119:119:boolean access$500(int) -> b
    8:17:void inflateContentView(int) -> c
    40:45:void stopOrientationMonitor() -> c
    120:120:java.lang.Runnable access$600(com.google.vr.cardboard.TransitionView) -> c
    101:110:void updateBackButtonVisibility() -> d
    112:112:boolean isLandscapeLeft(int) -> d
    121:121:java.lang.Runnable access$700(com.google.vr.cardboard.TransitionView) -> d
    113:113:boolean isLandscapeRight(int) -> e
    111:111:boolean isPortrait(int) -> f
    46:50:void onAttachedToWindow() -> onAttachedToWindow
    51:55:void onDetachedFromWindow() -> onDetachedFromWindow
    100:100:boolean onTouch(android.view.View,android.view.MotionEvent) -> onTouch
    23:25:void setBackButtonListener(java.lang.Runnable) -> setBackButtonListener
    33:34:void setTransitionListener(java.lang.Runnable) -> setTransitionListener
    18:22:void setViewerName(java.lang.String) -> setViewerName
    26:32:void setVisibility(int) -> setVisibility
com.google.vr.cardboard.TransitionView$1 -> com.google.vr.cardboard.F:
    com.google.vr.cardboard.TransitionView this$0 -> a
    1:1:void <init>(com.google.vr.cardboard.TransitionView) -> <init>
    2:3:void onClick(android.view.View) -> onClick
com.google.vr.cardboard.TransitionView$2 -> com.google.vr.cardboard.G:
    com.google.vr.cardboard.TransitionView this$0 -> a
    1:1:void <init>(com.google.vr.cardboard.TransitionView) -> <init>
    2:3:void onClick(android.view.View) -> onClick
com.google.vr.cardboard.TransitionView$3 -> com.google.vr.cardboard.H:
    com.google.vr.cardboard.TransitionView this$0 -> a
    1:1:void <init>(com.google.vr.cardboard.TransitionView,android.content.Context) -> <init>
    2:8:void onOrientationChanged(int) -> onOrientationChanged
com.google.vr.cardboard.TransitionView$4 -> com.google.vr.cardboard.I:
    com.google.vr.cardboard.TransitionView this$0 -> a
    1:1:void <init>(com.google.vr.cardboard.TransitionView) -> <init>
    3:7:void onAnimationEnd(android.view.animation.Animation) -> onAnimationEnd
    8:8:void onAnimationRepeat(android.view.animation.Animation) -> onAnimationRepeat
    2:2:void onAnimationStart(android.view.animation.Animation) -> onAnimationStart
com.google.vr.cardboard.TransitionView$5 -> com.google.vr.cardboard.J:
    com.google.vr.cardboard.TransitionView this$0 -> a
    1:1:void <init>(com.google.vr.cardboard.TransitionView) -> <init>
    2:3:void onClick(android.view.View) -> onClick
com.google.vr.cardboard.UiLayer -> com.google.vr.cardboard.Y:
    android.content.Context context -> a
    android.widget.RelativeLayout rootInnerLayout -> i
    android.widget.RelativeLayout alignmentMarker -> g
    boolean isEnabled -> j
    boolean isSettingsButtonEnabled -> k
    boolean isAlignmentMarkerEnabled -> l
    boolean transitionViewEnabled -> q
    java.lang.String viewerName -> r
    android.widget.FrameLayout rootOuterLayout -> b
    java.lang.Runnable buttonClickCallbackOverride -> m
    float alignmentMarkerScale -> s
    android.view.View settingsButtonHolder -> c
    int currentLayoutId -> t
    com.google.vr.cardboard.TransitionView transitionView -> h
    android.view.View backButtonHolder -> e
    android.widget.ImageButton settingsButton -> d
    java.lang.Runnable transitionListener -> p
    java.lang.Runnable settingsButtonListener -> o
    android.widget.ImageButton backButton -> f
    java.lang.Runnable backButtonListener -> n
    1:13:void <init>(android.content.Context) -> <init>
    16:55:void inflateViewsWithLayoutId(int) -> a
    81:83:void setBackButtonListener(java.lang.Runnable) -> a
    87:94:void scaleAlignmentMarkerLayoutParams(android.content.Context,float,android.widget.RelativeLayout$LayoutParams) -> a
    95:101:void setAlignmentMarkerScale(float) -> a
    110:112:void setViewerName(java.lang.String) -> a
    117:117:boolean getAlignmentMarkerEnabled() -> a
    118:118:android.content.Context access$000(com.google.vr.cardboard.UiLayer) -> a
    122:122:int access$400(boolean) -> a
    132:132:void access$1400(com.google.vr.cardboard.UiLayer,int) -> a
    70:72:void setEnabled(boolean) -> b
    77:78:void setButtonClickCallbackOverride(java.lang.Runnable) -> b
    115:115:boolean getBackButtonEnabled() -> b
    119:119:java.lang.Runnable access$100(com.google.vr.cardboard.UiLayer) -> b
    69:69:android.view.ViewGroup getView() -> c
    74:76:void setSettingsButtonEnabled(boolean) -> c
    79:80:void setSettingsButtonListener(java.lang.Runnable) -> c
    128:128:com.google.vr.cardboard.TransitionView access$1000(com.google.vr.cardboard.UiLayer) -> c
    73:73:boolean isEnabled() -> d
    102:104:void setTransitionViewEnabled(boolean) -> d
    107:109:void setTransitionViewListener(java.lang.Runnable) -> d
    129:129:android.widget.RelativeLayout access$1100(com.google.vr.cardboard.UiLayer) -> d
    68:68:int computeVisibility(boolean) -> e
    106:106:boolean isTransitionViewVisible() -> e
    130:130:com.google.vr.cardboard.TransitionView access$1200(com.google.vr.cardboard.UiLayer) -> e
    56:67:com.google.vr.cardboard.TransitionView getTransitionView() -> f
    131:131:int access$1300(com.google.vr.cardboard.UiLayer) -> f
    120:120:java.lang.Runnable access$200(com.google.vr.cardboard.UiLayer) -> g
    121:121:java.lang.Runnable access$300(com.google.vr.cardboard.UiLayer) -> h
    123:123:android.widget.FrameLayout access$500(com.google.vr.cardboard.UiLayer) -> i
    124:124:android.widget.ImageButton access$600(com.google.vr.cardboard.UiLayer) -> j
    125:125:android.view.View access$700(com.google.vr.cardboard.UiLayer) -> k
    126:126:android.widget.ImageButton access$800(com.google.vr.cardboard.UiLayer) -> l
    127:127:android.view.View access$900(com.google.vr.cardboard.UiLayer) -> m
com.google.vr.cardboard.UiLayer$1 -> com.google.vr.cardboard.P:
    com.google.vr.cardboard.UiLayer this$0 -> a
    1:1:void <init>(com.google.vr.cardboard.UiLayer) -> <init>
    2:3:void run() -> run
com.google.vr.cardboard.UiLayer$10 -> com.google.vr.cardboard.L:
    float val$scale -> a
    com.google.vr.cardboard.UiLayer this$0 -> b
    1:1:void <init>(com.google.vr.cardboard.UiLayer,float) -> <init>
    2:6:void run() -> run
com.google.vr.cardboard.UiLayer$11 -> com.google.vr.cardboard.M:
    com.google.vr.cardboard.UiLayer this$0 -> b
    boolean val$enabled -> a
    1:1:void <init>(com.google.vr.cardboard.UiLayer,boolean) -> <init>
    2:5:void run() -> run
com.google.vr.cardboard.UiLayer$12 -> com.google.vr.cardboard.N:
    com.google.vr.cardboard.UiLayer this$0 -> b
    java.lang.Runnable val$listener -> a
    1:1:void <init>(com.google.vr.cardboard.UiLayer,java.lang.Runnable) -> <init>
    2:5:void run() -> run
com.google.vr.cardboard.UiLayer$13 -> com.google.vr.cardboard.O:
    java.lang.String val$viewerName -> a
    com.google.vr.cardboard.UiLayer this$0 -> b
    1:1:void <init>(com.google.vr.cardboard.UiLayer,java.lang.String) -> <init>
    2:4:void run() -> run
com.google.vr.cardboard.UiLayer$2 -> com.google.vr.cardboard.Q:
    com.google.vr.cardboard.UiLayer this$0 -> a
    1:1:void <init>(com.google.vr.cardboard.UiLayer) -> <init>
    2:5:void onClick(android.view.View) -> onClick
com.google.vr.cardboard.UiLayer$3 -> com.google.vr.cardboard.S:
    com.google.vr.cardboard.UiLayer this$0 -> a
    1:1:void <init>(com.google.vr.cardboard.UiLayer) -> <init>
    2:8:void onClick(android.view.View) -> onClick
com.google.vr.cardboard.UiLayer$4 -> com.google.vr.cardboard.T:
    com.google.vr.cardboard.UiLayer this$0 -> a
    1:1:void <init>(com.google.vr.cardboard.UiLayer) -> <init>
    2:5:void onClick(android.view.View) -> onClick
com.google.vr.cardboard.UiLayer$5 -> com.google.vr.cardboard.U:
    com.google.vr.cardboard.UiLayer this$0 -> a
    1:1:void <init>(com.google.vr.cardboard.UiLayer) -> <init>
    2:8:void onClick(android.view.View) -> onClick
com.google.vr.cardboard.UiLayer$6 -> com.google.vr.cardboard.V:
    com.google.vr.cardboard.UiLayer this$0 -> b
    boolean val$enabled -> a
    1:1:void <init>(com.google.vr.cardboard.UiLayer,boolean) -> <init>
    2:3:void run() -> run
com.google.vr.cardboard.UiLayer$7 -> com.google.vr.cardboard.W:
    com.google.vr.cardboard.UiLayer this$0 -> b
    boolean val$enabled -> a
    1:1:void <init>(com.google.vr.cardboard.UiLayer,boolean) -> <init>
    2:5:void run() -> run
com.google.vr.cardboard.UiLayer$8 -> com.google.vr.cardboard.X:
    com.google.vr.cardboard.UiLayer this$0 -> b
    java.lang.Runnable val$listener -> a
    1:1:void <init>(com.google.vr.cardboard.UiLayer,java.lang.Runnable) -> <init>
    2:8:void run() -> run
com.google.vr.cardboard.UiLayer$RootOuterLayout -> com.google.vr.cardboard.Y$a:
    android.content.res.Configuration currentConfig -> a
    com.google.vr.cardboard.UiLayer this$0 -> b
    1:4:void <init>(com.google.vr.cardboard.UiLayer,android.content.Context) -> <init>
    11:16:void handlePotentialConfigurationChange(android.content.res.Configuration) -> a
    5:7:void onAttachedToWindow() -> onAttachedToWindow
    8:10:void onConfigurationChanged(android.content.res.Configuration) -> onConfigurationChanged
com.google.vr.cardboard.UiUtils -> com.google.vr.cardboard.da:
    android.app.AlertDialog$Builder dialogBuilderForTesting -> b
    com.google.vr.cardboard.StoragePermissionUtils permissionUtils -> a
    71:71:void <clinit>() -> <clinit>
    2:32:void launchOrInstallCardboard(android.content.Context) -> a
    33:45:android.app.AlertDialog showDaydreamHelpCenterDialog(android.content.Context,int,int,java.lang.Runnable) -> a
    55:67:android.app.AlertDialog showImmersiveDialog(android.content.Context,android.app.AlertDialog) -> a
    68:70:android.app.AlertDialog$Builder createAlertDialogBuilder(android.content.Context) -> b
    46:54:void showInstallDialog(android.content.Context) -> c
com.google.vr.cardboard.UiUtils$1 -> com.google.vr.cardboard.Z:
    android.content.Context val$context -> a
    1:1:void <init>(android.content.Context) -> <init>
    2:8:void onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int) -> onClick
com.google.vr.cardboard.UiUtils$2 -> com.google.vr.cardboard.aa:
    1:1:void <init>() -> <init>
    2:3:void onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int) -> onClick
com.google.vr.cardboard.UiUtils$3 -> com.google.vr.cardboard.ba:
    java.lang.Runnable val$onCancelledCallback -> a
    1:1:void <init>(java.lang.Runnable) -> <init>
    2:3:void onCancel(android.content.DialogInterface) -> onCancel
com.google.vr.cardboard.UiUtils$4 -> com.google.vr.cardboard.ca:
    android.content.Context val$context -> a
    1:1:void <init>(android.content.Context) -> <init>
    2:6:void onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int) -> onClick
com.google.vr.cardboard.VrContextWrapper -> com.google.vr.cardboard.ea:
    3:3:boolean autoFadeEnabled() -> a
    android.content.ComponentName getVrComponent() -> b
com.google.vr.cardboard.VrCoreLibraryLoader -> com.google.vr.cardboard.VrCoreLibraryLoader:
    1:1:void <init>() -> <init>
    39:43:void checkVrCoreGvrLibraryAvailable(android.content.Context,com.google.vr.ndk.base.Version) -> a
    23:38:long loadNativeDlsymMethod(android.content.Context) -> loadNativeDlsymMethod
    4:4:long loadNativeGvrLibrary(android.content.Context) -> loadNativeGvrLibrary
    5:22:long loadNativeGvrLibrary(android.content.Context,com.google.vr.ndk.base.Version,com.google.vr.ndk.base.Version) -> loadNativeGvrLibrary
com.google.vr.cardboard.VrParamsProvider -> com.google.vr.cardboard.fa:
    com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.CardboardDevice$DeviceParams readDeviceParams() -> a
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$SdkConfigurationParams readSdkConfigurationParams(com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.SdkConfiguration$SdkConfigurationRequest) -> a
    boolean writeDeviceParams(com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.CardboardDevice$DeviceParams) -> a
    com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.Display$DisplayParams readDisplayParams() -> b
    com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.Preferences$UserPrefs readUserPrefs() -> c
com.google.vr.cardboard.VrParamsProviderFactory -> com.google.vr.cardboard.ga:
    com.google.vr.cardboard.VrParamsProvider providerForTesting -> a
    2:7:com.google.vr.cardboard.VrParamsProvider create(android.content.Context) -> a
    16:19:boolean isContentProviderAvailable(android.content.Context) -> b
    8:15:com.google.vr.cardboard.VrParamsProviderFactory$ContentProviderClientHandle tryToGetContentProviderClientHandle(android.content.Context) -> c
    20:30:java.util.List getValidContentProviderAuthorities(android.content.Context) -> d
com.google.vr.cardboard.VrParamsProviderFactory$ContentProviderClientHandle -> com.google.vr.cardboard.ga$a:
    android.content.ContentProviderClient client -> a
    java.lang.String authority -> b
    1:4:void <init>(android.content.ContentProviderClient,java.lang.String) -> <init>
com.google.vr.cardboard.VrParamsProviderJni -> com.google.vr.cardboard.VrParamsProviderJni:
    1:1:void <init>() -> <init>
    45:46:void updateNativeDisplayParamsPointer(long,android.util.DisplayMetrics,float,int) -> a
    2:7:byte[] readDeviceParams(android.content.Context) -> readDeviceParams
    21:38:void readDisplayParams(android.content.Context,long) -> readDisplayParams
    8:8:byte[] readSdkConfigurationParams(android.content.Context) -> readSdkConfigurationParams
    39:44:byte[] readUserPrefs(android.content.Context) -> readUserPrefs
    9:20:boolean writeDeviceParams(android.content.Context,byte[]) -> writeDeviceParams
com.google.vr.cardboard.VrSettingsProviderContract -> com.google.vr.cardboard.ha:
    2:7:android.net.Uri createUri(java.lang.String,java.lang.String) -> a
com.google.vr.ndk.base.AbstractDaydreamTouchListener -> com.google.vr.ndk.base.AbstractDaydreamTouchListener:
    1:8:void <init>() -> <init>
    155:157:float getRotationRadians(android.view.MotionEvent) -> getRotationRadians
    13:14:void getTranslationInScreenSpace(float[]) -> getTranslationInScreenSpace
    44:51:boolean handleTouch(android.view.MotionEvent,float,float) -> handleTouch
    52:69:void initWithDisplayParams(android.util.DisplayMetrics,com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.Display$DisplayParams,com.google.vr.cardboard.AndroidPCompat$DisplayCutoutCompat) -> initWithDisplayParams
    176:195:void logPhoneAlignment(android.view.MotionEvent,float,float) -> logPhoneAlignment
    99:154:boolean processMotionEvent(android.view.MotionEvent,float,float) -> processMotionEvent
    170:175:void resetTrackingState() -> resetTrackingState
    70:73:void setDeviceParams(com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.CardboardDevice$DeviceParams) -> setDeviceParams
    9:12:void setEnabled(boolean) -> setEnabled
    97:97:boolean viewerNeedsTouchProcessing() -> viewerNeedsTouchProcessing
com.google.vr.ndk.base.AndroidCompat -> com.google.vr.ndk.base.AndroidCompat:
    4:4:void <init>() -> <init>
    2:3:void setSustainedPerformanceMode(android.app.Activity,boolean) -> setSustainedPerformanceMode
    1:1:boolean setVrModeEnabled(android.app.Activity,boolean) -> setVrModeEnabled
com.google.vr.ndk.base.CardboardEmulator -> com.google.vr.ndk.base.CardboardEmulator:
    14:14:void <clinit>() -> <clinit>
    1:4:void <init>(android.content.Context,java.lang.Runnable) -> <init>
    13:13:com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerServiceBridge createServiceBridge(android.content.Context,com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerServiceBridge$Callbacks) -> createServiceBridge
    9:12:void onPause() -> onPause
    5:8:void onResume() -> onResume
com.google.vr.ndk.base.CardboardEmulator$ControllerCallbacks -> com.google.vr.ndk.base.CardboardEmulator$ControllerCallbacks:
    1:3:void <init>(java.lang.Runnable) -> <init>
    10:16:void onControllerEventPacket(com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerEventPacket) -> onControllerEventPacket
    18:19:void onControllerEventPacket2(com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerEventPacket2) -> onControllerEventPacket2
    17:17:void onControllerRecentered(com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerOrientationEvent) -> onControllerRecentered
    9:9:void onControllerStateChanged(int,int) -> onControllerStateChanged
    4:4:void onServiceConnected(int) -> onServiceConnected
    5:5:void onServiceDisconnected() -> onServiceDisconnected
    7:7:void onServiceFailed() -> onServiceFailed
    8:8:void onServiceInitFailed(int) -> onServiceInitFailed
    6:6:void onServiceUnavailable() -> onServiceUnavailable
com.google.vr.ndk.base.DaydreamApi -> com.google.vr.ndk.base.DaydreamApi:
    244:244:void <clinit>() -> <clinit>
    204:208:void <init>(android.content.Context) -> <init>
    238:238:com.google.vr.vrcore.common.api.IVrCoreSdkService access$000(com.google.vr.ndk.base.DaydreamApi) -> access$000
    236:236:com.google.vr.vrcore.common.api.IVrCoreSdkService access$002(com.google.vr.ndk.base.DaydreamApi,com.google.vr.vrcore.common.api.IVrCoreSdkService) -> access$002
    239:239:com.google.vr.vrcore.common.api.IDaydreamManager access$100(com.google.vr.ndk.base.DaydreamApi) -> access$100
    237:237:com.google.vr.vrcore.common.api.IDaydreamManager access$102(com.google.vr.ndk.base.DaydreamApi,com.google.vr.vrcore.common.api.IDaydreamManager) -> access$102
    240:240:java.util.ArrayList access$200(com.google.vr.ndk.base.DaydreamApi) -> access$200
    241:241:int access$300(com.google.vr.ndk.base.DaydreamApi) -> access$300
    242:242:android.content.Context access$400(com.google.vr.ndk.base.DaydreamApi) -> access$400
    243:243:android.content.ServiceConnection access$500(com.google.vr.ndk.base.DaydreamApi) -> access$500
    228:231:void checkIntent(android.content.Intent) -> checkIntent
    233:234:void checkNotClosed() -> checkNotClosed
    199:203:void close() -> close
    1:2:com.google.vr.ndk.base.DaydreamApi create(android.content.Context) -> create
    173:175:android.content.Intent createVrIntent(android.content.ComponentName) -> createVrIntent
    179:180:void exitFromVr(android.app.Activity,int,android.content.Intent) -> exitFromVr
    181:188:void exitFromVr(android.app.Activity,int,android.content.Intent,java.lang.String) -> exitFromVr
    209:222:boolean init() -> init
    141:143:void launchInVr(android.app.PendingIntent) -> launchInVr
    144:145:void launchInVr(android.app.PendingIntent,android.content.ComponentName) -> launchInVr
    151:153:void launchInVr(android.content.Intent) -> launchInVr
    160:162:void launchInVr(android.content.ComponentName) -> launchInVr
    169:172:void launchInVrForResult(android.app.Activity,android.app.PendingIntent,int) -> launchInVrForResult
    146:147:void launchTransitionCallbackInVr(com.google.vr.vrcore.common.api.ITransitionCallbacks) -> launchTransitionCallbackInVr
    148:150:void launchVrHomescreen() -> launchVrHomescreen
    223:226:void runWhenServiceConnected(java.lang.Runnable) -> runWhenServiceConnected
    176:178:android.content.Intent setupVrIntent(android.content.Intent) -> setupVrIntent
com.google.vr.ndk.base.DaydreamApi$1 -> com.google.vr.ndk.base.DaydreamApi$1:
    1:1:void <init>(com.google.vr.ndk.base.DaydreamApi) -> <init>
    2:13:void onServiceConnected(android.content.ComponentName,android.os.IBinder) -> onServiceConnected
    14:15:void onServiceDisconnected(android.content.ComponentName) -> onServiceDisconnected
com.google.vr.ndk.base.DaydreamApi$12 -> com.google.vr.ndk.base.DaydreamApi$12:
    1:1:void <init>(com.google.vr.ndk.base.DaydreamApi) -> <init>
    2:5:void run() -> run
com.google.vr.ndk.base.DaydreamApi$3 -> com.google.vr.ndk.base.DaydreamApi$3:
    1:1:void <init>(com.google.vr.ndk.base.DaydreamApi,android.app.PendingIntent,android.content.ComponentName) -> <init>
    2:13:void run() -> run
com.google.vr.ndk.base.DaydreamApi$4 -> com.google.vr.ndk.base.DaydreamApi$4:
    1:1:void <init>(com.google.vr.ndk.base.DaydreamApi,com.google.vr.vrcore.common.api.ITransitionCallbacks) -> <init>
    2:13:void run() -> run
com.google.vr.ndk.base.DaydreamApi$5 -> com.google.vr.ndk.base.DaydreamApi$5:
    1:1:void <init>(com.google.vr.ndk.base.DaydreamApi) -> <init>
    2:11:void run() -> run
com.google.vr.ndk.base.DaydreamApi$6 -> com.google.vr.ndk.base.DaydreamApi$6:
    1:1:void <init>(com.google.vr.ndk.base.DaydreamApi,android.app.Activity,android.app.PendingIntent,int) -> <init>
    2:3:void onTransitionComplete() -> onTransitionComplete
com.google.vr.ndk.base.DaydreamApi$6$1 -> com.google.vr.ndk.base.DaydreamApi$6$1:
    1:1:void <init>(com.google.vr.ndk.base.DaydreamApi$6) -> <init>
    2:8:void run() -> run
com.google.vr.ndk.base.DaydreamApi$7 -> com.google.vr.ndk.base.DaydreamApi$7:
    1:1:void <init>(com.google.vr.ndk.base.DaydreamApi,android.app.PendingIntent) -> <init>
    2:6:void run() -> run
com.google.vr.ndk.base.DaydreamApi$8 -> com.google.vr.ndk.base.DaydreamApi$8:
    1:1:void <init>(com.google.vr.ndk.base.DaydreamApi,java.lang.Runnable,android.app.PendingIntent,java.lang.String) -> <init>
    2:20:void run() -> run
com.google.vr.ndk.base.DaydreamCompatibility -> com.google.vr.ndk.base.DaydreamCompatibility:
    1:3:void <init>(int) -> <init>
    4:5:void <init>() -> <init>
    6:6:int getSupportedHeadsets() -> getSupportedHeadsets
    9:9:boolean requiresDaydream() -> requiresDaydream
    24:24:boolean supportsCardboard() -> supportsCardboard
    7:7:boolean supportsDaydream() -> supportsDaydream
    10:14:int toDeprecated() -> toDeprecated
com.google.vr.ndk.base.DaydreamUtils -> com.google.vr.ndk.base.DaydreamUtils:
    38:46:boolean canResolveIntent(android.content.pm.PackageManager,android.content.ComponentName,android.content.Intent) -> canResolveIntent
    34:37:boolean checkHeadsetCompatibility(android.content.pm.PackageManager,android.content.ComponentName,java.lang.String) -> checkHeadsetCompatibility
    10:10:com.google.vr.ndk.base.DaydreamCompatibility getComponentDaydreamCompatibility(android.content.Context,android.content.ComponentName) -> getComponentDaydreamCompatibility
    26:33:com.google.vr.ndk.base.DaydreamCompatibility getComponentDaydreamCompatibility(android.content.pm.PackageManager,android.content.ComponentName) -> getComponentDaydreamCompatibility
    1:8:boolean isDaydreamPhone(android.content.Context) -> isDaydreamPhone
com.google.vr.ndk.base.DaydreamUtilsWrapper -> com.google.vr.ndk.base.DaydreamUtilsWrapper:
    1:1:void <init>() -> <init>
    7:10:com.google.vr.ndk.base.DaydreamCompatibility getComponentDaydreamCompatibility(android.content.Context) -> getComponentDaydreamCompatibility
    2:2:boolean isDaydreamActivity(android.app.Activity) -> isDaydreamActivity
    3:3:boolean isDaydreamComponent(android.content.Context) -> isDaydreamComponent
    11:11:boolean isDaydreamPhone(android.content.Context) -> isDaydreamPhone
    5:5:boolean isDaydreamRequiredComponent(android.content.Context) -> isDaydreamRequiredComponent
com.google.vr.ndk.base.DefaultNativeLibraryLoader -> com.google.vr.ndk.base.DefaultNativeLibraryLoader:
    10:10:void <clinit>() -> <clinit>
    2:7:void maybeLoadDefaultLibrary() -> maybeLoadDefaultLibrary
com.google.vr.ndk.base.ExternalSurface -> com.google.vr.ndk.base.ExternalSurface:
    31:31:void <clinit>() -> <clinit>
    4:6:void <init>(com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrApi,com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrLayout$ExternalSurfaceListener,android.os.Handler) -> <init>
    30:30:java.lang.String access$000() -> access$000
    17:22:void finalize() -> finalize
    24:24:int getId() -> getId
    23:23:android.view.Surface getSurface() -> getSurface
    25:28:void shutdown() -> shutdown
com.google.vr.ndk.base.ExternalSurface$1 -> com.google.vr.ndk.base.ExternalSurface$1:
    1:1:void <init>(com.google.vr.ndk.base.ExternalSurface,com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrLayout$ExternalSurfaceListener) -> <init>
    2:5:void run() -> run
com.google.vr.ndk.base.ExternalSurface$2 -> com.google.vr.ndk.base.ExternalSurface$2:
    1:1:void <init>(com.google.vr.ndk.base.ExternalSurface,com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrLayout$ExternalSurfaceListener) -> <init>
    2:3:void run() -> run
com.google.vr.ndk.base.FadeOverlayView -> com.google.vr.ndk.base.FadeOverlayView:
    1:8:void <init>(android.content.Context,boolean) -> <init>
    85:85:void access$000(com.google.vr.ndk.base.FadeOverlayView) -> access$000
    65:72:void endFade() -> endFade
    44:51:void flushAutoFade() -> flushAutoFade
    23:30:void onInvisible() -> onInvisible
    31:43:void onVisible() -> onVisible
    62:64:void removeFadeCallbacks() -> removeFadeCallbacks
    52:59:void setEnabled(boolean) -> setEnabled
    9:22:void startFade(int,long,int) -> startFade
    73:82:void updateFade() -> updateFade
com.google.vr.ndk.base.FadeOverlayView$1 -> com.google.vr.ndk.base.FadeOverlayView$1:
    1:1:void <init>(com.google.vr.ndk.base.FadeOverlayView) -> <init>
    2:3:void run() -> run
com.google.vr.ndk.base.FadeOverlayView$2 -> com.google.vr.ndk.base.FadeOverlayView$2:
    1:1:void <init>(com.google.vr.ndk.base.FadeOverlayView,android.os.Looper) -> <init>
    2:6:void handleMessage(android.os.Message) -> handleMessage
com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrApi -> com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrApi:
    181:183:void <clinit>() -> <clinit>
    8:27:void <init>(android.content.Context,com.google.vr.cardboard.DisplaySynchronizer) -> <init>
    28:30:void <init>(android.content.Context,long) -> <init>
    41:41:com.google.vr.cardboard.DisplaySynchronizer createDefaultDisplaySynchronizer(android.content.Context) -> createDefaultDisplaySynchronizer
    85:85:com.google.vr.ndk.base.ExternalSurface createExternalSurface(com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrLayout$ExternalSurfaceListener,android.os.Handler) -> createExternalSurface
    76:77:void dumpDebugData() -> dumpDebugData
    42:47:void finalize() -> finalize
    159:159:boolean getAsyncReprojectionEnabled() -> getAsyncReprojectionEnabled
    64:64:long getNativeGvrContext() -> getNativeGvrContext
    48:48:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$SdkConfigurationParams getSdkConfigurationParams() -> getSdkConfigurationParams
    144:144:int getViewerType() -> getViewerType
    164:164:boolean isFeatureSupported(int) -> isFeatureSupported
    71:75:boolean isOpenGLKHRDebugEnabled() -> isOpenGLKHRDebugEnabled
    108:109:void onPauseReprojectionThread() -> onPauseReprojectionThread
    82:83:void onSurfaceChangedReprojectionThread() -> onSurfaceChangedReprojectionThread
    80:81:void onSurfaceCreatedReprojectionThread() -> onSurfaceCreatedReprojectionThread
    49:50:void pause() -> pause
    126:126:byte[] pauseTrackingGetState() -> pauseTrackingGetState
    131:132:void recenterTracking() -> recenterTracking
    107:107:android.graphics.Point renderReprojectionThread() -> renderReprojectionThread
    39:40:void requestContextSharing(com.google.vr.cardboard.EglReadyListener) -> requestContextSharing
    51:52:void resume() -> resume
    127:128:void resumeTrackingSetState(byte[]) -> resumeTrackingSetState
    178:180:void setApplicationState(android.content.Context) -> setApplicationState
    158:158:boolean setAsyncReprojectionEnabled(boolean) -> setAsyncReprojectionEnabled
    135:136:void setIdleListener(com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrApi$IdleListener) -> setIdleListener
    120:121:void setIgnoreManualTrackerPauseResume(boolean) -> setIgnoreManualTrackerPauseResume
    165:166:void setLensOffset(float,float,float) -> setLensOffset
    53:63:void shutdown() -> shutdown
    5:6:boolean usingDynamicLibrary(android.content.Context) -> usingDynamicLibrary
    7:7:boolean usingShimLibrary() -> usingShimLibrary
    177:177:boolean usingVrDisplayService() -> usingVrDisplayService
com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrLayout -> com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrLayout:
    1:4:void <init>(android.content.Context) -> <init>
    89:91:boolean enableAsyncReprojectionProtected() -> enableAsyncReprojectionProtected
    69:76:boolean enableAsyncReprojectionVideoSurface(com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrLayout$ExternalSurfaceListener,android.os.Handler,boolean) -> enableAsyncReprojectionVideoSurface
    99:102:android.view.Surface getAsyncReprojectionVideoSurface() -> getAsyncReprojectionVideoSurface
    95:98:int getAsyncReprojectionVideoSurfaceId() -> getAsyncReprojectionVideoSurfaceId
    103:103:com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrApi getGvrApi() -> getGvrApi
    33:33:com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrUiLayout getUiLayout() -> getUiLayout
    21:32:void init() -> init
    34:40:void onPause() -> onPause
    41:47:void onResume() -> onResume
    82:88:boolean setAsyncReprojectionEnabled(boolean) -> setAsyncReprojectionEnabled
    63:66:void setPresentationView(android.view.View) -> setPresentationView
    108:111:void setReentryIntent(android.app.PendingIntent) -> setReentryIntent
    104:107:void setStereoModeEnabled(boolean) -> setStereoModeEnabled
    52:62:void shutdown() -> shutdown
com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrLayoutFactory -> com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrLayoutFactory:
    2:8:com.google.vr.vrcore.library.api.IGvrLayout create(android.content.Context) -> create
    10:10:com.google.vr.vrcore.library.api.IGvrLayout createFromCurrentPackage(android.content.Context) -> createFromCurrentPackage
    11:14:com.google.vr.vrcore.library.api.IGvrLayout tryCreateFromVrCorePackage(android.content.Context) -> tryCreateFromVrCorePackage
com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrLayoutImpl -> com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrLayoutImpl:
    340:340:void <clinit>() -> <clinit>
    1:2:void <init>(android.content.Context) -> <init>
    3:14:void <init>(android.content.Context,com.google.vr.ndk.base.ExtensionManager) -> <init>
    335:335:void access$000(com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrLayoutImpl,int) -> access$000
    336:336:com.google.vr.ndk.base.VrCoreSdkClient access$100(com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrLayoutImpl) -> access$100
    337:337:com.google.vr.cardboard.ScanlineRacingRenderer access$200(com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrLayoutImpl) -> access$200
    338:338:com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrUiLayoutImpl access$300(com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrLayoutImpl) -> access$300
    339:339:com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrLayoutImpl$PresentationFactory access$500() -> access$500
    274:299:void addScanlineRacingView() -> addScanlineRacingView
    258:258:com.google.vr.ndk.base.SdkDaydreamTouchListener createDaydreamTouchListener() -> createDaydreamTouchListener
    200:202:com.google.vr.ndk.base.VrCoreSdkClient createVrCoreSdkClient(android.content.Context,com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrApi,com.google.vr.ndk.base.DaydreamUtilsWrapper,com.google.vr.ndk.base.FadeOverlayView) -> createVrCoreSdkClient
    172:173:boolean enableAsyncReprojection(int) -> enableAsyncReprojection
    191:192:boolean enableCardboardTriggerEmulation(java.lang.Runnable) -> enableCardboardTriggerEmulation
    199:199:com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrApi getGvrApi() -> getGvrApi
    73:73:com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrUiLayoutImpl getUiLayoutImpl() -> getUiLayoutImpl
    253:253:com.google.vr.ndk.base.VrCoreSdkClient getVrCoreSdkClient() -> getVrCoreSdkClient
    23:29:void init(com.google.vr.ndk.base.ExtensionManager) -> init
    30:72:void initWithInjectedObjects(com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrApi,com.google.vr.cardboard.DisplaySynchronizer,com.google.vr.cardboard.EglReadyListener,com.google.vr.ndk.base.FadeOverlayView,com.google.vr.ndk.base.DaydreamUtilsWrapper,com.google.vr.ndk.base.ExtensionManager,com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrUiLayoutImpl,com.google.vr.cardboard.AndroidPCompat) -> initWithInjectedObjects
    262:263:boolean isContextSharingEnabled() -> isContextSharingEnabled
    259:261:boolean isDeviceDetectionEnabled() -> isDeviceDetectionEnabled
    268:273:boolean isDimUiEnabled() -> isDimUiEnabled
    248:250:boolean isPresenting() -> isPresenting
    334:334:void lambda$setStereoModeEnabled$0$GvrLayoutImpl(boolean) -> lambda$setStereoModeEnabled$0$GvrLayoutImpl
    150:153:void onAttachedToWindow() -> onAttachedToWindow
    121:122:void onBackPressed() -> onBackPressed
    160:162:void onConfigurationChanged(android.content.res.Configuration) -> onConfigurationChanged
    154:159:void onDetachedFromWindow() -> onDetachedFromWindow
    81:99:void onPause() -> onPause
    100:120:void onResume() -> onResume
    163:166:boolean onTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent) -> onTouchEvent
    74:80:void onWindowVisibilityChanged(int) -> onWindowVisibilityChanged
    244:247:boolean setOnDonNotNeededListener(java.lang.Runnable) -> setOnDonNotNeededListener
    167:171:void setPresentationView(android.view.View) -> setPresentationView
    241:243:void setReentryIntent(android.app.PendingIntent) -> setReentryIntent
    203:204:void setStereoModeEnabled(boolean) -> setStereoModeEnabled
    225:240:void setStereoModeEnabledImpl(boolean) -> setStereoModeEnabledImpl
    123:149:void shutdown() -> shutdown
    300:308:com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrLayoutImpl$PresentationHelper tryCreatePresentationHelper() -> tryCreatePresentationHelper
    314:330:void updateFadeVisibility() -> updateFadeVisibility
    205:207:void updateMarginsForDisplayCutout() -> updateMarginsForDisplayCutout
    309:313:void updateRenderingViewsVisibility(int) -> updateRenderingViewsVisibility
    331:333:void updateUiLayout() -> updateUiLayout
com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrLayoutImpl$1 -> com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrLayoutImpl$1:
    1:1:void <init>(com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrLayoutImpl) -> <init>
    2:3:void run() -> run
com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrLayoutImpl$2 -> com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrLayoutImpl$2:
    1:1:void <init>(com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrLayoutImpl) -> <init>
    2:4:void run() -> run
com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrLayoutImpl$3 -> com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrLayoutImpl$3:
    1:1:void <init>(com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrLayoutImpl) -> <init>
    2:3:void run() -> run
com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrLayoutImpl$4 -> com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrLayoutImpl$4:
    1:1:void <init>(com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrLayoutImpl) -> <init>
    2:3:void run() -> run
com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrLayoutImpl$AsyncReprojectionSurfaceView -> com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrLayoutImpl$AsyncReprojectionSurfaceView:
    1:2:void <init>(android.content.Context) -> <init>
    10:10:com.google.vr.cardboard.ScanlineRacingRenderer access$400(com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrLayoutImpl$AsyncReprojectionSurfaceView) -> access$400
    3:5:void setRenderer(com.google.vr.cardboard.ScanlineRacingRenderer) -> setRenderer
    6:9:void surfaceDestroyed(android.view.SurfaceHolder) -> surfaceDestroyed
com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrLayoutImpl$AsyncReprojectionSurfaceView$1 -> com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrLayoutImpl$AsyncReprojectionSurfaceView$1:
    1:1:void <init>(com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrLayoutImpl$AsyncReprojectionSurfaceView) -> <init>
    2:3:void run() -> run
com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrLayoutImpl$FrameFlushWorkaround -> com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrLayoutImpl$FrameFlushWorkaround:
    1:3:void <init>() -> <init>
    9:11:void doFrame(long) -> doFrame
    4:8:void onResume() -> onResume
com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrLayoutImpl$PresentationHelper -> com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrLayoutImpl$PresentationHelper:
    1:10:void <init>(android.content.Context,android.widget.FrameLayout,android.view.View,com.google.vr.cardboard.DisplaySynchronizer,java.lang.String) -> <init>
    89:92:void detachViewFromParent(android.view.View) -> detachViewFromParent
    94:96:boolean hasCurrentPresentationExpired() -> hasCurrentPresentationExpired
    11:11:boolean isPresenting() -> isPresenting
    93:93:boolean isValidExternalDisplay(android.view.Display) -> isValidExternalDisplay
    35:37:void onDetachedFromWindow() -> onDetachedFromWindow
    44:47:void onDisplayAdded(int) -> onDisplayAdded
    51:51:void onDisplayChanged(int) -> onDisplayChanged
    48:50:void onDisplayRemoved(int) -> onDisplayRemoved
    12:13:void onPause() -> onPause
    14:26:void onResume() -> onResume
    52:88:void setDisplay(android.view.Display) -> setDisplay
    27:34:void shutdown() -> shutdown
com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrLayoutImpl$ScreenOnManager -> com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrLayoutImpl$ScreenOnManager:
    26:26:void <clinit>() -> <clinit>
    1:4:void <init>(android.view.View) -> <init>
    24:24:boolean access$1000(com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrLayoutImpl$ScreenOnManager) -> access$1000
    25:25:boolean access$1002(com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrLayoutImpl$ScreenOnManager,boolean) -> access$1002
    19:19:boolean access$600(com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrLayoutImpl$ScreenOnManager) -> access$600
    20:20:boolean access$602(com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrLayoutImpl$ScreenOnManager,boolean) -> access$602
    21:21:void access$700(com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrLayoutImpl$ScreenOnManager) -> access$700
    22:22:long access$800(com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrLayoutImpl$ScreenOnManager) -> access$800
    23:23:long access$900() -> access$900
    15:16:void onIdleChanged(boolean) -> onIdleChanged
    10:12:void onPause() -> onPause
    5:9:void onResume() -> onResume
    13:14:void setEnabled(boolean) -> setEnabled
    17:18:void updateSetScreenOn() -> updateSetScreenOn
com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrLayoutImpl$ScreenOnManager$1 -> com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrLayoutImpl$ScreenOnManager$1:
    1:1:void <init>(com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrLayoutImpl$ScreenOnManager,boolean) -> <init>
    2:6:void run() -> run
com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrLayoutImpl$ScreenOnManager$2 -> com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrLayoutImpl$ScreenOnManager$2:
    1:1:void <init>(com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrLayoutImpl$ScreenOnManager,boolean) -> <init>
    2:14:void run() -> run
com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrLayoutImplWrapper -> com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrLayoutImplWrapper:
    1:3:void <init>(com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrLayoutImpl) -> <init>
    17:17:boolean enableAsyncReprojection(int) -> enableAsyncReprojection
    18:20:boolean enableCardboardTriggerEmulation(com.google.vr.vrcore.library.api.IObjectWrapper) -> enableCardboardTriggerEmulation
    4:4:long getNativeGvrContext() -> getNativeGvrContext
    5:5:com.google.vr.vrcore.library.api.IObjectWrapper getRootView() -> getRootView
    6:6:com.google.vr.vrcore.library.api.IGvrUiLayout getUiLayout() -> getUiLayout
    11:12:void onBackPressed() -> onBackPressed
    7:8:void onPause() -> onPause
    9:10:void onResume() -> onResume
    25:27:boolean setOnDonNotNeededListener(com.google.vr.vrcore.library.api.IObjectWrapper) -> setOnDonNotNeededListener
    15:16:void setPresentationView(com.google.vr.vrcore.library.api.IObjectWrapper) -> setPresentationView
    23:24:void setReentryIntent(com.google.vr.vrcore.library.api.IObjectWrapper) -> setReentryIntent
    21:22:void setStereoModeEnabled(boolean) -> setStereoModeEnabled
    13:14:void shutdown() -> shutdown
com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrSurfaceView -> com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrSurfaceView:
    1:4:void <init>(android.content.Context) -> <init>
    120:120:android.opengl.GLSurfaceView$Renderer access$1000(com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrSurfaceView) -> access$1000
    112:112:int access$200(com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrSurfaceView) -> access$200
    113:113:com.google.vr.cardboard.EglReadyListener access$300(com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrSurfaceView) -> access$300
    114:114:android.opengl.GLSurfaceView$EGLContextFactory access$400(com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrSurfaceView) -> access$400
    115:115:android.opengl.GLSurfaceView$EGLConfigChooser access$500(com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrSurfaceView) -> access$500
    116:116:android.opengl.GLSurfaceView$EGLWindowSurfaceFactory access$600(com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrSurfaceView) -> access$600
    117:117:com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrSurfaceView$GLWrapper access$700(com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrSurfaceView) -> access$700
    118:118:int access$800(com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrSurfaceView) -> access$800
    119:119:boolean access$900(com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrSurfaceView) -> access$900
    109:110:void checkRenderThreadState() -> checkRenderThreadState
    9:13:void finalize() -> finalize
    21:21:int getDebugFlags() -> getDebugFlags
    24:24:boolean getPreserveEGLContextOnPause() -> getPreserveEGLContextOnPause
    56:56:int getRenderMode() -> getRenderMode
    14:16:void init() -> init
    108:108:boolean isDetachedFromWindow() -> isDetachedFromWindow
    88:102:void onAttachedToWindow() -> onAttachedToWindow
    103:107:void onDetachedFromWindow() -> onDetachedFromWindow
    78:79:void onPause() -> onPause
    80:81:void onPause(java.lang.Runnable) -> onPause
    82:83:void onResume() -> onResume
    72:73:void onSurfaceDestroyed(java.lang.Runnable) -> onSurfaceDestroyed
    86:87:void requestExitAndWait() -> requestExitAndWait
    19:20:void setDebugFlags(int) -> setDebugFlags
    44:46:void setEGLConfigChooser(android.opengl.GLSurfaceView$EGLConfigChooser) -> setEGLConfigChooser
    47:48:void setEGLConfigChooser(boolean) -> setEGLConfigChooser
    51:53:void setEGLContextClientVersion(int) -> setEGLContextClientVersion
    38:40:void setEGLContextFactory(android.opengl.GLSurfaceView$EGLContextFactory) -> setEGLContextFactory
    41:43:void setEGLWindowSurfaceFactory(android.opengl.GLSurfaceView$EGLWindowSurfaceFactory) -> setEGLWindowSurfaceFactory
    36:37:void setEglReadyListener(com.google.vr.cardboard.EglReadyListener) -> setEglReadyListener
    17:18:void setGLWrapper(com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrSurfaceView$GLWrapper) -> setGLWrapper
    22:23:void setPreserveEGLContextOnPause(boolean) -> setPreserveEGLContextOnPause
    65:67:void setPreserveGlThreadOnDetachedFromWindow(boolean) -> setPreserveGlThreadOnDetachedFromWindow
    54:55:void setRenderMode(int) -> setRenderMode
    25:35:void setRenderer(android.opengl.GLSurfaceView$Renderer) -> setRenderer
    59:64:void setSwapMode(int) -> setSwapMode
    74:75:void surfaceChanged(android.view.SurfaceHolder,int,int,int) -> surfaceChanged
    68:69:void surfaceCreated(android.view.SurfaceHolder) -> surfaceCreated
    70:71:void surfaceDestroyed(android.view.SurfaceHolder) -> surfaceDestroyed
    76:77:void surfaceRedrawNeeded(android.view.SurfaceHolder) -> surfaceRedrawNeeded
com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrSurfaceView$BaseConfigChooser -> com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrSurfaceView$BaseConfigChooser:
    1:3:void <init>(com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrSurfaceView,int[]) -> <init>
    4:15:javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGLConfig chooseConfig(javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGL10,javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGLDisplay) -> chooseConfig
    23:33:int[] filterConfigSpec(int[]) -> filterConfigSpec
com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrSurfaceView$ComponentSizeChooser -> com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrSurfaceView$ComponentSizeChooser:
    1:9:void <init>(com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrSurfaceView,int,int,int,int,int,int) -> <init>
    10:21:javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGLConfig chooseConfig(javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGL10,javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGLDisplay,javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGLConfig[]) -> chooseConfig
    22:24:int findConfigAttrib(javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGL10,javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGLDisplay,javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGLConfig,int,int) -> findConfigAttrib
com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrSurfaceView$DefaultContextFactory -> com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrSurfaceView$DefaultContextFactory:
    1:1:void <init>(com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrSurfaceView) -> <init>
    10:10:void <init>(com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrSurfaceView,com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrSurfaceView$1) -> <init>
    2:5:javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGLContext createContext(javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGL10,javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGLDisplay,javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGLConfig) -> createContext
    6:8:void destroyContext(javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGL10,javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGLDisplay,javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGLContext) -> destroyContext
com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrSurfaceView$DefaultWindowSurfaceFactory -> com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrSurfaceView$DefaultWindowSurfaceFactory:
    1:1:void <init>() -> <init>
    10:10:void <init>(com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrSurfaceView$1) -> <init>
    2:7:javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGLSurface createWindowSurface(javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGL10,javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGLDisplay,javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGLConfig,java.lang.Object) -> createWindowSurface
    8:9:void destroySurface(javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGL10,javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGLDisplay,javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGLSurface) -> destroySurface
com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrSurfaceView$EglHelper -> com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrSurfaceView$EglHelper:
    1:3:void <init>(java.lang.ref.WeakReference) -> <init>
    89:102:javax.microedition.khronos.opengles.GL createGL() -> createGL
    31:33:void createPendingEglContext() -> createPendingEglContext
    66:67:boolean createSurface() -> createSurface
    106:107:void destroySurface() -> destroySurface
    117:123:void destroySurfaceImp() -> destroySurfaceImp
    124:132:void finish() -> finish
    139:139:java.lang.String formatEglError(java.lang.String,int) -> formatEglError
    141:142:java.lang.String getErrorString(int) -> getErrorString
    140:140:java.lang.String getHex(int) -> getHex
    22:25:void initialize() -> initialize
    137:138:void logEglErrorAsWarning(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,int) -> logEglErrorAsWarning
    16:21:void renewPendingEglContext() -> renewPendingEglContext
    108:116:void setEglSurfaceAttrib(int,int) -> setEglSurfaceAttrib
    4:15:void start() -> start
    103:105:int swap() -> swap
    133:133:void throwEglException(java.lang.String) -> throwEglException
    135:136:void throwEglException(java.lang.String,int) -> throwEglException
com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrSurfaceView$GLThread -> com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrSurfaceView$GLThread:
    1:15:void <init>(java.lang.ref.WeakReference) -> <init>
    207:207:boolean ableToDraw() -> ableToDraw
    333:333:boolean access$1102(com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrSurfaceView$GLThread,boolean) -> access$1102
    224:226:int getRenderMode() -> getRenderMode
    227:229:int getSwapMode() -> getSwapMode
    37:206:void guardedRun() -> guardedRun
    16:19:void onEglReady() -> onEglReady
    271:282:void onPause(java.lang.Runnable) -> onPause
    283:294:void onResume() -> onResume
    295:310:void onWindowResize(int,int) -> onWindowResize
    208:211:boolean readyToDraw() -> readyToDraw
    311:323:void requestExitAndWait() -> requestExitAndWait
    234:247:void requestRenderAndWait() -> requestRenderAndWait
    20:26:void run() -> run
    212:213:void setRenderMode(int) -> setRenderMode
    218:219:void setSwapMode(int) -> setSwapMode
    32:36:void stopEglContextLocked() -> stopEglContextLocked
    28:31:void stopEglSurfaceLocked() -> stopEglSurfaceLocked
    248:258:void surfaceCreated() -> surfaceCreated
    259:270:void surfaceDestroyed(java.lang.Runnable) -> surfaceDestroyed
com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrSurfaceView$GLThread$GLThreadManager -> com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrSurfaceView$GLThread$GLThreadManager:
    1:1:void <init>() -> <init>
    7:7:void <init>(com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrSurfaceView$1) -> <init>
    5:6:void releaseEglContextLocked(com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrSurfaceView$GLThread) -> releaseEglContextLocked
    2:1:void threadExiting(com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrSurfaceView$GLThread) -> threadExiting
com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrSurfaceView$LogWriter -> com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrSurfaceView$LogWriter:
    1:2:void <init>() -> <init>
    3:4:void close() -> close
    5:6:void flush() -> flush
    14:17:void flushBuilder() -> flushBuilder
    7:13:void write(char[],int,int) -> write
com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrSurfaceView$SimpleEGLConfigChooser -> com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrSurfaceView$SimpleEGLConfigChooser:
    1:2:void <init>(com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrSurfaceView,boolean) -> <init>
com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrUiLayout -> com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrUiLayout:
    1:3:void <init>(com.google.vr.vrcore.library.api.IGvrUiLayout) -> <init>
    13:16:void setCloseButtonListener(java.lang.Runnable) -> setCloseButtonListener
    17:20:void setTransitionViewEnabled(boolean) -> setTransitionViewEnabled
com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrUiLayoutImpl -> com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrUiLayoutImpl:
    1:2:void <init>(android.content.Context,java.lang.Runnable) -> <init>
    3:10:void <init>(android.content.Context,java.lang.Runnable,com.google.vr.ndk.base.DaydreamUtilsWrapper) -> <init>
    80:80:java.lang.Runnable access$000(android.content.Context,com.google.vr.ndk.base.DaydreamUtilsWrapper) -> access$000
    50:60:void beginDimmingUiLayer() -> beginDimmingUiLayer
    63:69:void cancelDimmingUiLayer() -> cancelDimmingUiLayer
    70:78:java.lang.Runnable createDefaultCloseButtonListener(android.content.Context,com.google.vr.ndk.base.DaydreamUtilsWrapper) -> createDefaultCloseButtonListener
    45:47:void delayDimmingUiLayer(long) -> delayDimmingUiLayer
    48:49:void delayDimmingUiLayerAfterVisible() -> delayDimmingUiLayerAfterVisible
    33:33:android.view.ViewGroup getRoot() -> getRoot
    13:13:com.google.vr.vrcore.library.api.IObjectWrapper getRootView() -> getRootView
    34:35:void invokeCloseButtonListener() -> invokeCloseButtonListener
    14:14:boolean isEnabled() -> isEnabled
    79:79:void lambda$setDimmedUiTouchOverride$0$GvrUiLayoutImpl() -> lambda$setDimmedUiTouchOverride$0$GvrUiLayoutImpl
    15:17:void setCloseButtonListener(com.google.vr.vrcore.library.api.IObjectWrapper) -> setCloseButtonListener
    36:43:void setDaydreamModeEnabled(boolean) -> setDaydreamModeEnabled
    61:62:void setDimmedUiTouchOverride() -> setDimmedUiTouchOverride
    11:12:void setEnabled(boolean) -> setEnabled
    24:25:void setSettingsButtonEnabled(boolean) -> setSettingsButtonEnabled
    26:29:void setSettingsButtonListener(com.google.vr.vrcore.library.api.IObjectWrapper) -> setSettingsButtonListener
    18:19:void setTransitionViewEnabled(boolean) -> setTransitionViewEnabled
    20:23:void setTransitionViewListener(com.google.vr.vrcore.library.api.IObjectWrapper) -> setTransitionViewListener
    30:31:void setViewerName(java.lang.String) -> setViewerName
com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrUiLayoutImpl$1 -> com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrUiLayoutImpl$1:
    1:1:void <init>(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent) -> <init>
    2:3:void run() -> run
com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrUiLayoutImpl$2 -> com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrUiLayoutImpl$2:
    1:1:void <init>(android.app.Activity,android.content.Intent) -> <init>
    2:4:void run() -> run
com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrUiLayoutImpl$3 -> com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrUiLayoutImpl$3:
    1:1:void <init>(android.app.Activity) -> <init>
    2:3:void run() -> run
com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrUiLayoutImpl$CloseButtonListenerWrapper -> com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrUiLayoutImpl$CloseButtonListenerWrapper:
    1:7:void <init>(android.content.Context,java.lang.Runnable,com.google.vr.ndk.base.DaydreamUtilsWrapper) -> <init>
    8:22:void run() -> run
    23:24:void setClientCloseButtonListener(java.lang.Runnable) -> setClientCloseButtonListener
com.google.vr.ndk.base.SdkConfigurationReader -> com.google.vr.ndk.base.SdkConfigurationReader:
    22:64:void <clinit>() -> <clinit>
    1:1:void <init>() -> <init>
    2:5:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$SdkConfigurationParams getParams(android.content.Context) -> getParams
    13:21:com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent$SdkConfigurationParams readParamsFromProvider(com.google.vr.cardboard.VrParamsProvider) -> readParamsFromProvider
com.google.vr.ndk.base.SdkDaydreamTouchListener -> com.google.vr.ndk.base.SdkDaydreamTouchListener:
    1:12:void <init>(com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrLayoutImpl) -> <init>
    41:41:com.google.vr.cardboard.VrParamsProvider access$200(com.google.vr.ndk.base.SdkDaydreamTouchListener) -> access$200
    42:42:void access$300(com.google.vr.ndk.base.SdkDaydreamTouchListener,android.util.DisplayMetrics,com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.Display$DisplayParams,com.google.vr.cardboard.AndroidPCompat$DisplayCutoutCompat) -> access$300
    25:27:void init(android.util.DisplayMetrics,com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.Display$DisplayParams,com.google.vr.cardboard.AndroidPCompat$DisplayCutoutCompat) -> init
    28:28:boolean isDaydreamImageAlignmentEnabled() -> isDaydreamImageAlignmentEnabled
    31:40:void logEvent(int,com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent) -> logEvent
    20:20:boolean onTouch(android.view.View,android.view.MotionEvent) -> onTouch
    21:22:void refreshViewerProfile() -> refreshViewerProfile
    29:30:void setLensOffset(float,float,float) -> setLensOffset
    23:24:void shutdown() -> shutdown
com.google.vr.ndk.base.SdkDaydreamTouchListener$FinishInitializationTask -> com.google.vr.ndk.base.SdkDaydreamTouchListener$FinishInitializationTask:
    1:1:void <init>(com.google.vr.ndk.base.SdkDaydreamTouchListener) -> <init>
    12:12:void <init>(com.google.vr.ndk.base.SdkDaydreamTouchListener,com.google.vr.ndk.base.SdkDaydreamTouchListener$1) -> <init>
    2:2:com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.Display$DisplayParams doInBackground(java.lang.Void[]) -> doInBackground
    11:11:java.lang.Object doInBackground(java.lang.Object[]) -> doInBackground
    4:8:void onPostExecute(com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.Display$DisplayParams) -> onPostExecute
    10:10:void onPostExecute(java.lang.Object) -> onPostExecute
    3:3:void onProgressUpdate(java.lang.Void[]) -> onProgressUpdate
    9:9:void onProgressUpdate(java.lang.Object[]) -> onProgressUpdate
com.google.vr.ndk.base.SdkDaydreamTouchListener$RefreshViewerProfileTask -> com.google.vr.ndk.base.SdkDaydreamTouchListener$RefreshViewerProfileTask:
    1:1:void <init>(com.google.vr.ndk.base.SdkDaydreamTouchListener) -> <init>
    9:9:void <init>(com.google.vr.ndk.base.SdkDaydreamTouchListener,com.google.vr.ndk.base.SdkDaydreamTouchListener$1) -> <init>
    2:2:com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.CardboardDevice$DeviceParams doInBackground(java.lang.Void[]) -> doInBackground
    8:8:java.lang.Object doInBackground(java.lang.Object[]) -> doInBackground
    4:5:void onPostExecute(com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.CardboardDevice$DeviceParams) -> onPostExecute
    7:7:void onPostExecute(java.lang.Object) -> onPostExecute
    3:3:void onProgressUpdate(java.lang.Void[]) -> onProgressUpdate
    6:6:void onProgressUpdate(java.lang.Object[]) -> onProgressUpdate
com.google.vr.ndk.base.SwapChain -> com.google.vr.ndk.base.SwapChain:
    31:31:void <clinit>() -> <clinit>
    8:13:void finalize() -> finalize
    27:30:void shutdown() -> shutdown
com.google.vr.ndk.base.TraceCompat -> com.google.vr.ndk.base.TraceCompat:
    2:4:void beginSection(java.lang.String) -> beginSection
    5:7:void endSection() -> endSection
com.google.vr.ndk.base.Version -> com.google.vr.ndk.base.Version:
    34:35:void <clinit>() -> <clinit>
    1:5:void <init>(int,int,int) -> <init>
    28:31:boolean equals(java.lang.Object) -> equals
    32:32:int hashCode() -> hashCode
    15:27:boolean isAtLeast(com.google.vr.ndk.base.Version) -> isAtLeast
    6:7:com.google.vr.ndk.base.Version parse(java.lang.String) -> parse
    33:33:java.lang.String toString() -> toString
com.google.vr.ndk.base.VrCoreSdkClient -> com.google.vr.ndk.base.VrCoreSdkClient:
    1:13:void <init>(android.content.Context,com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrApi,android.content.ComponentName,com.google.vr.ndk.base.DaydreamUtilsWrapper,java.lang.Runnable,com.google.vr.ndk.base.FadeOverlayView) -> <init>
    141:141:void access$000(com.google.vr.ndk.base.VrCoreSdkClient) -> access$000
    144:144:com.google.vr.vrcore.common.api.IVrCoreSdkService access$100(com.google.vr.ndk.base.VrCoreSdkClient) -> access$100
    153:153:void access$1000(com.google.vr.ndk.base.VrCoreSdkClient,com.google.vr.vrcore.common.api.HeadTrackingState) -> access$1000
    142:142:com.google.vr.vrcore.common.api.IVrCoreSdkService access$102(com.google.vr.ndk.base.VrCoreSdkClient,com.google.vr.vrcore.common.api.IVrCoreSdkService) -> access$102
    154:154:com.google.vr.vrcore.logging.api.IVrCoreLoggingService access$1102(com.google.vr.ndk.base.VrCoreSdkClient,com.google.vr.vrcore.logging.api.IVrCoreLoggingService) -> access$1102
    155:155:void access$1400(com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrApi,com.google.vr.vrcore.common.api.HeadTrackingState) -> access$1400
    145:145:com.google.vr.vrcore.common.api.IDaydreamManager access$200(com.google.vr.ndk.base.VrCoreSdkClient) -> access$200
    143:143:com.google.vr.vrcore.common.api.IDaydreamManager access$202(com.google.vr.ndk.base.VrCoreSdkClient,com.google.vr.vrcore.common.api.IDaydreamManager) -> access$202
    146:146:void access$300(com.google.vr.ndk.base.VrCoreSdkClient) -> access$300
    147:147:android.content.ComponentName access$400(com.google.vr.ndk.base.VrCoreSdkClient) -> access$400
    148:148:com.google.vr.ndk.base.VrCoreSdkClient$DaydreamListenerImpl access$500(com.google.vr.ndk.base.VrCoreSdkClient) -> access$500
    149:149:int access$600(com.google.vr.ndk.base.VrCoreSdkClient,com.google.vr.vrcore.common.api.HeadTrackingState) -> access$600
    150:150:java.lang.Runnable access$700(com.google.vr.ndk.base.VrCoreSdkClient) -> access$700
    151:151:void access$800(com.google.vr.ndk.base.VrCoreSdkClient) -> access$800
    152:152:boolean access$900(com.google.vr.ndk.base.VrCoreSdkClient) -> access$900
    48:56:boolean doBind() -> doBind
    57:72:void doUnbind() -> doUnbind
    16:16:com.google.vr.vrcore.common.api.HeadTrackingState getHeadTrackingState() -> getHeadTrackingState
    15:15:com.google.vr.vrcore.logging.api.IVrCoreLoggingService getLoggingService() -> getLoggingService
    73:75:void handleBindFailed() -> handleBindFailed
    76:78:void handleNoDaydreamManager() -> handleNoDaydreamManager
    79:81:void handlePrepareVrFailed() -> handlePrepareVrFailed
    98:107:boolean hasCompatibleSdkService(android.content.Context) -> hasCompatibleSdkService
    39:47:void onExitingFromVr() -> onExitingFromVr
    21:25:void onPause() -> onPause
    17:20:boolean onResume() -> onResume
    108:140:int prepareVr(com.google.vr.vrcore.common.api.HeadTrackingState) -> prepareVr
    90:93:void resumeTracking(com.google.vr.vrcore.common.api.HeadTrackingState) -> resumeTracking
    94:97:void resumeTracking(com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrApi,com.google.vr.vrcore.common.api.HeadTrackingState) -> resumeTracking
    26:34:void setEnabled(boolean) -> setEnabled
    37:38:void setOnDonNotNeededListener(java.lang.Runnable) -> setOnDonNotNeededListener
    35:36:void setReentryIntent(android.app.PendingIntent) -> setReentryIntent
    82:89:void warnIfIncompatibleClient() -> warnIfIncompatibleClient
com.google.vr.ndk.base.VrCoreSdkClient$1 -> com.google.vr.ndk.base.VrCoreSdkClient$1:
    1:1:void <init>(com.google.vr.ndk.base.VrCoreSdkClient) -> <init>
    2:11:void onServiceConnected(android.content.ComponentName,android.os.IBinder) -> onServiceConnected
    51:54:void onServiceDisconnected(android.content.ComponentName) -> onServiceDisconnected
com.google.vr.ndk.base.VrCoreSdkClient$DaydreamListenerImpl -> com.google.vr.ndk.base.VrCoreSdkClient$DaydreamListenerImpl:
    1:6:void <init>(com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrApi,com.google.vr.ndk.base.FadeOverlayView,java.lang.Runnable) -> <init>
    75:75:void access$1200(com.google.vr.ndk.base.VrCoreSdkClient$DaydreamListenerImpl,int,long,int) -> access$1200
    76:76:void access$1300(com.google.vr.ndk.base.VrCoreSdkClient$DaydreamListenerImpl,com.google.vr.vrcore.common.api.HeadTrackingState) -> access$1300
    21:22:void applyColorfulFade(int,long,int) -> applyColorfulFade
    62:69:void applyColorfulFadeImpl(int,long,int) -> applyColorfulFadeImpl
    19:20:void applyFade(int,long) -> applyFade
    70:71:void cancelSafeguard(int) -> cancelSafeguard
    43:48:void deprecated_setLensOffsets(float,float,float,float) -> deprecated_setLensOffsets
    29:34:void dumpDebugData() -> dumpDebugData
    9:9:int getTargetApiVersion() -> getTargetApiVersion
    37:42:void invokeCloseAction() -> invokeCloseAction
    23:28:void recenterHeadTracking() -> recenterHeadTracking
    10:18:com.google.vr.vrcore.common.api.HeadTrackingState requestStopTracking() -> requestStopTracking
    72:74:void rescheduleSafeguard(int,long) -> rescheduleSafeguard
    7:8:void resetSafeguards() -> resetSafeguards
    35:36:void resumeHeadTracking(com.google.vr.vrcore.common.api.HeadTrackingState) -> resumeHeadTracking
    55:61:void resumeHeadTrackingImpl(com.google.vr.vrcore.common.api.HeadTrackingState) -> resumeHeadTrackingImpl
    49:54:void setLensOffset(float,float,float) -> setLensOffset
com.google.vr.ndk.base.VrCoreSdkClient$DaydreamListenerImpl$1 -> com.google.vr.ndk.base.VrCoreSdkClient$DaydreamListenerImpl$1:
    1:1:void <init>(com.google.vr.ndk.base.VrCoreSdkClient$DaydreamListenerImpl) -> <init>
    2:8:void handleMessage(android.os.Message) -> handleMessage
com.google.vr.ndk.base.VrCoreSdkClient$DaydreamListenerImpl$2 -> com.google.vr.ndk.base.VrCoreSdkClient$DaydreamListenerImpl$2:
    1:1:void <init>(com.google.vr.ndk.base.VrCoreSdkClient$DaydreamListenerImpl,com.google.vr.ndk.base.FadeOverlayView,int,long,int) -> <init>
    2:3:void run() -> run
com.google.vr.sdk.common.deps.a -> com.google.vr.sdk.common.deps.a:
    1:4:void <init>(android.os.IBinder,java.lang.String) -> <init>
    5:5:android.os.IBinder asBinder() -> asBinder
    6:8:android.os.Parcel obtainAndWriteInterfaceToken() -> obtainAndWriteInterfaceToken
    9:17:android.os.Parcel transactAndReadException(int,android.os.Parcel) -> transactAndReadException
    19:26:void transactAndReadExceptionReturnVoid(int,android.os.Parcel) -> transactAndReadExceptionReturnVoid
    27:30:void transactOneway(int,android.os.Parcel) -> transactOneway
com.google.vr.sdk.common.deps.b -> com.google.vr.sdk.common.deps.b:
    21:21:void <clinit>() -> <clinit>
    7:9:void <init>(java.lang.String) -> <init>
    10:10:android.os.IBinder asBinder() -> asBinder
    20:20:boolean dispatchTransaction(int,android.os.Parcel,android.os.Parcel,int) -> dispatchTransaction
    15:19:boolean onTransact(int,android.os.Parcel,android.os.Parcel,int) -> onTransact
    11:14:boolean routeToSuperOrEnforceInterface(int,android.os.Parcel,android.os.Parcel,int) -> routeToSuperOrEnforceInterface
com.google.vr.sdk.common.deps.c -> com.google.vr.sdk.common.deps.c:
    22:22:void <clinit>() -> <clinit>
    1:1:void <init>() -> <init>
    2:2:boolean a(android.os.Parcel) -> a
    3:4:void a(android.os.Parcel,boolean) -> a
    5:7:android.os.Parcelable a(android.os.Parcel,android.os.Parcelable$Creator) -> a
    8:12:void a(android.os.Parcel,android.os.Parcelable) -> a
    18:21:void a(android.os.Parcel,android.os.IInterface) -> a
    13:17:void b(android.os.Parcel,android.os.Parcelable) -> b
com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.CardboardDevice$CardboardInternalParams -> com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.CardboardDevice$CardboardInternalParams:
    59:61:void <init>() -> <init>
    1:3:int checkOrientationTypeOrThrow(int) -> checkOrientationTypeOrThrow
    62:71:com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.CardboardDevice$CardboardInternalParams clear() -> clear
    72:75:com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.CardboardDevice$CardboardInternalParams clone() -> clone
    206:206:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    207:207:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    209:209:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    103:130:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    131:133:com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.CardboardDevice$CardboardInternalParams mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    208:208:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    79:102:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.CardboardDevice$DaydreamInternalParams -> com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.CardboardDevice$DaydreamInternalParams:
    55:57:void <init>() -> <init>
    58:69:com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.CardboardDevice$DaydreamInternalParams clear() -> clear
    70:73:com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.CardboardDevice$DaydreamInternalParams clone() -> clone
    179:179:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    180:180:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    182:182:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    105:134:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    15:15:boolean getUseRotationalAlignmentCorrection() -> getUseRotationalAlignmentCorrection
    135:137:com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.CardboardDevice$DaydreamInternalParams mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    181:181:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    83:104:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.CardboardDevice$DeviceParams -> com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.CardboardDevice$DeviceParams:
    91:93:void <init>() -> <init>
    9:11:int checkButtonTypeOrThrow(int) -> checkButtonTypeOrThrow
    1:3:int checkVerticalAlignmentTypeOrThrow(int) -> checkVerticalAlignmentTypeOrThrow
    94:111:com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.CardboardDevice$DeviceParams clear() -> clear
    112:115:com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.CardboardDevice$DeviceParams clone() -> clone
    390:390:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    391:391:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    393:393:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    179:234:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    67:67:float getTrayToLensDistance() -> getTrayToLensDistance
    235:387:com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.CardboardDevice$DeviceParams mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    392:392:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    129:178:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.CardboardDevice$ScreenAlignmentMarker -> com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.CardboardDevice$ScreenAlignmentMarker:
    23:25:void <init>() -> <init>
    26:31:com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.CardboardDevice$ScreenAlignmentMarker clear() -> clear
    32:35:com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.CardboardDevice$ScreenAlignmentMarker clone() -> clone
    64:64:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    65:65:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    67:67:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    43:50:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    1:6:com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.CardboardDevice$ScreenAlignmentMarker[] emptyArray() -> emptyArray
    7:7:float getHorizontal() -> getHorizontal
    15:15:float getVertical() -> getVertical
    51:53:com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.CardboardDevice$ScreenAlignmentMarker mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    66:66:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    37:42:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.CardboardDevice$VignetteParams -> com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.CardboardDevice$VignetteParams:
    31:33:void <init>() -> <init>
    1:3:int checkVignetteParamsConditionOrThrow(int) -> checkVignetteParamsConditionOrThrow
    34:39:com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.CardboardDevice$VignetteParams clear() -> clear
    40:43:com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.CardboardDevice$VignetteParams clone() -> clone
    78:78:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    79:79:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    81:81:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    51:58:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    59:61:com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.CardboardDevice$VignetteParams mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    80:80:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    45:50:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.Display$DisplayParams -> com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.Display$DisplayParams:
    31:33:void <init>() -> <init>
    34:41:com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.Display$DisplayParams clear() -> clear
    42:45:com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.Display$DisplayParams clone() -> clone
    123:123:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    124:124:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    126:126:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    64:80:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    23:23:float getBottomBezelHeight() -> getBottomBezelHeight
    7:7:float getXPpi() -> getXPpi
    15:15:float getYPpi() -> getYPpi
    24:24:boolean hasBottomBezelHeight() -> hasBottomBezelHeight
    8:8:boolean hasXPpi() -> hasXPpi
    16:16:boolean hasYPpi() -> hasYPpi
    81:83:com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.Display$DisplayParams mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    125:125:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    28:30:com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.Display$DisplayParams setBottomBezelHeight(float) -> setBottomBezelHeight
    12:14:com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.Display$DisplayParams setXPpi(float) -> setXPpi
    20:22:com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.Display$DisplayParams setYPpi(float) -> setYPpi
    49:63:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.Preferences -> com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.Preferences:
    2:4:int checkControllerConfigurationTypeOrThrow(int) -> checkControllerConfigurationTypeOrThrow
com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.Preferences$DeveloperPrefs -> com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.Preferences$DeveloperPrefs:
    119:121:void <init>() -> <init>
    1:3:int checkMotophoPatchModeOrThrow(int) -> checkMotophoPatchModeOrThrow
    122:140:com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.Preferences$DeveloperPrefs clear() -> clear
    141:144:com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.Preferences$DeveloperPrefs clone() -> clone
    289:289:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    290:290:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    292:292:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    182:228:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    111:111:boolean getOpenglKhrDebugEnabled() -> getOpenglKhrDebugEnabled
    229:286:com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.Preferences$DeveloperPrefs mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    291:291:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    150:181:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.Preferences$SafetyCylinderParams -> com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.Preferences$SafetyCylinderParams:
    63:65:void <init>() -> <init>
    66:78:com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.Preferences$SafetyCylinderParams clear() -> clear
    79:82:com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.Preferences$SafetyCylinderParams clone() -> clone
    223:223:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    224:224:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    226:226:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    112:142:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    143:220:com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.Preferences$SafetyCylinderParams mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    225:225:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    88:111:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.Preferences$TrackingConfigurationParams -> com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.Preferences$TrackingConfigurationParams:
    15:17:void <init>() -> <init>
    18:22:com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.Preferences$TrackingConfigurationParams clear() -> clear
    23:26:com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.Preferences$TrackingConfigurationParams clone() -> clone
    53:53:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    54:54:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    56:56:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    32:36:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    37:39:com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.Preferences$TrackingConfigurationParams mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    55:55:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    28:31:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.Preferences$UserPrefs -> com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.Preferences$UserPrefs:
    23:25:void <init>() -> <init>
    1:3:int checkHandednessOrThrow(int) -> checkHandednessOrThrow
    26:31:com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.Preferences$UserPrefs clear() -> clear
    32:35:com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.Preferences$UserPrefs clone() -> clone
    73:73:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    74:74:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    76:76:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    45:52:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    53:55:com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.Preferences$UserPrefs mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    75:75:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    39:44:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.SdkConfiguration$SdkConfigurationRequest -> com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.SdkConfiguration$SdkConfigurationRequest:
    7:9:void <init>() -> <init>
    10:14:com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.SdkConfiguration$SdkConfigurationRequest clear() -> clear
    15:18:com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.SdkConfiguration$SdkConfigurationRequest clone() -> clone
    49:49:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    50:50:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    52:52:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    28:35:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    36:38:com.google.vr.sdk.proto.nano.SdkConfiguration$SdkConfigurationRequest mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    51:51:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    22:27:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.vr.vrcore.base.api.BuildUtils -> com.google.vr.vrcore.base.api.a:
    java.lang.Boolean isDebug -> a
    2:2:boolean isDebugBuild(android.content.Context) -> a
    5:4:boolean computeIsDebugBuild(android.content.Context) -> b
com.google.vr.vrcore.base.api.ParcelableProto -> com.google.vr.vrcore.base.api.b:
    byte[] data -> a
    1:3:void <init>() -> <init>
    4:7:void <init>(byte[]) -> <init>
    12:15:void <init>(android.os.Parcel) -> <init>
    30:31:void setData(byte[]) -> a
    32:42:void setFromProto(com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano) -> a
    43:44:void clear() -> a
    54:57:void readFromParcel(android.os.Parcel) -> a
    16:16:byte[] getData() -> b
    28:28:int getSizeBytes() -> c
    29:29:boolean isEmpty() -> d
    45:45:int describeContents() -> describeContents
    46:46:boolean shouldSerializeDataLength() -> e
    47:47:boolean shouldSerializeEmptyInsteadOfNullBuffer() -> f
    64:64:int hashCode() -> hashCode
    58:58:java.lang.String toString() -> toString
    48:53:void writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int) -> writeToParcel
com.google.vr.vrcore.base.api.SignatureUtils -> com.google.vr.vrcore.base.api.c:
    android.content.pm.Signature KEYBOARD_RELEASE_SIGNATURE -> f
    android.content.pm.Signature KEYBOARD_DEBUG_SIGNATURE -> e
    android.content.pm.Signature ANDROID_DEBUG_SIGNATURE -> d
    android.content.pm.Signature BLAZE_DEBUG_SIGNATURE -> c
    android.content.pm.Signature VRCORE_DEBUG_SIGNATURE -> b
    android.content.pm.Signature VRCORE_RELEASE_SIGNATURE -> a
    10:22:void <clinit>() -> <clinit>
    2:8:boolean verifySignature(android.content.pm.PackageInfo,android.content.pm.Signature[]) -> a
    9:9:android.content.pm.Signature signatureFromBase64(java.lang.String) -> a
com.google.vr.vrcore.base.api.VrCoreNotAvailableException -> com.google.vr.vrcore.base.api.d:
    int errorCode -> a
    1:3:void <init>(int) -> <init>
com.google.vr.vrcore.base.api.VrCoreUtils -> com.google.vr.vrcore.base.api.VrCoreUtils:
    1:1:void <init>() -> <init>
    2:3:int checkVrCoreAvailability(android.content.Context) -> a
    46:47:java.lang.String getConnectionResultString(int) -> a
    57:57:boolean isVrCorePackage(java.lang.String) -> a
    29:34:java.lang.String getVrCoreSdkLibraryVersion(android.content.Context) -> b
    59:87:int checkVrCoreAvailabilityImpl(android.content.Context) -> c
    88:94:boolean verifyRemotePackageSignature(android.content.Context) -> d
    5:15:int getVrCoreClientApiVersion(android.content.Context) -> getVrCoreClientApiVersion
com.google.vr.vrcore.common.api.HeadTrackingState -> a.a.b.a.a.a.b:
    16:16:void <clinit>() -> <clinit>
    1:2:void <init>() -> <init>
    3:4:void <init>(byte[]) -> <init>
    5:6:void <init>(android.os.Parcel) -> <init>
    15:15:void <init>(android.os.Parcel,com.google.vr.vrcore.common.api.HeadTrackingState$1) -> <init>
    7:7:boolean shouldSerializeDataLength() -> e
    10:14:boolean equals(java.lang.Object) -> equals
    8:8:boolean shouldSerializeEmptyInsteadOfNullBuffer() -> f
    9:9:java.lang.String toString() -> toString
com.google.vr.vrcore.common.api.HeadTrackingState$1 -> a.a.b.a.a.a.a:
    1:1:void <init>() -> <init>
    2:2:com.google.vr.vrcore.common.api.HeadTrackingState createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel) -> createFromParcel
    5:5:java.lang.Object createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel) -> createFromParcel
    3:3:com.google.vr.vrcore.common.api.HeadTrackingState[] newArray(int) -> newArray
    4:4:java.lang.Object[] newArray(int) -> newArray
com.google.vr.vrcore.common.api.IDaydreamListener -> a.a.b.a.a.a.c:
com.google.vr.vrcore.common.api.IDaydreamListener$Stub -> a.a.b.a.a.a.c$a:
    1:2:void <init>() -> <init>
    9:48:boolean dispatchTransaction(int,android.os.Parcel,android.os.Parcel,int) -> dispatchTransaction
com.google.vr.vrcore.common.api.IDaydreamManager -> a.a.b.a.a.a.d:
    boolean deprecatedExitFromVr(android.app.PendingIntent) -> a
    boolean exitFromVr2(android.os.Bundle) -> a
    boolean launchInVr(android.app.PendingIntent,android.content.ComponentName) -> a
    boolean launchVrTransition(com.google.vr.vrcore.common.api.ITransitionCallbacks) -> a
    int prepareVr(android.content.ComponentName,com.google.vr.vrcore.common.api.HeadTrackingState) -> a
    int prepareVr2(android.content.ComponentName,int,android.app.PendingIntent,com.google.vr.vrcore.common.api.HeadTrackingState) -> a
    int prepareVr3(android.os.Bundle,com.google.vr.vrcore.common.api.HeadTrackingState) -> a
    boolean registerListener(android.content.ComponentName,com.google.vr.vrcore.common.api.IDaydreamListener) -> a
    boolean unregisterListener(android.content.ComponentName) -> a
    void onExitingFromVr() -> d
    boolean launchVrHome() -> h
com.google.vr.vrcore.common.api.IDaydreamManager$Stub -> a.a.b.a.a.a.d$a:
    3:8:com.google.vr.vrcore.common.api.IDaydreamManager asInterface(android.os.IBinder) -> asInterface
com.google.vr.vrcore.common.api.IDaydreamManager$Stub$Proxy -> a.a.b.a.a.a.d$a$a:
    1:2:void <init>(android.os.IBinder) -> <init>
    3:9:boolean registerListener(android.content.ComponentName,com.google.vr.vrcore.common.api.IDaydreamListener) -> a
    10:15:boolean unregisterListener(android.content.ComponentName) -> a
    16:23:int prepareVr(android.content.ComponentName,com.google.vr.vrcore.common.api.HeadTrackingState) -> a
    37:43:boolean launchInVr(android.app.PendingIntent,android.content.ComponentName) -> a
    49:54:boolean launchVrTransition(com.google.vr.vrcore.common.api.ITransitionCallbacks) -> a
    55:60:boolean deprecatedExitFromVr(android.app.PendingIntent) -> a
    68:77:int prepareVr2(android.content.ComponentName,int,android.app.PendingIntent,com.google.vr.vrcore.common.api.HeadTrackingState) -> a
    85:92:int prepareVr3(android.os.Bundle,com.google.vr.vrcore.common.api.HeadTrackingState) -> a
    93:98:boolean exitFromVr2(android.os.Bundle) -> a
    78:80:void onExitingFromVr() -> d
    44:48:boolean launchVrHome() -> h
com.google.vr.vrcore.common.api.ITransitionCallbacks -> a.a.b.a.a.a.e:
com.google.vr.vrcore.common.api.ITransitionCallbacks$Stub -> a.a.b.a.a.a.e$a:
    1:2:void <init>() -> <init>
    9:12:boolean dispatchTransaction(int,android.os.Parcel,android.os.Parcel,int) -> dispatchTransaction
com.google.vr.vrcore.common.api.IVrCoreSdkService -> a.a.b.a.a.a.f:
    boolean initialize(int) -> a
    com.google.vr.vrcore.common.api.IDaydreamManager getDaydreamManager() -> b
    com.google.vr.vrcore.logging.api.IVrCoreLoggingService getLoggingService() -> g
com.google.vr.vrcore.common.api.IVrCoreSdkService$Stub -> a.a.b.a.a.a.f$a:
    3:8:com.google.vr.vrcore.common.api.IVrCoreSdkService asInterface(android.os.IBinder) -> asInterface
com.google.vr.vrcore.common.api.IVrCoreSdkService$Stub$Proxy -> a.a.b.a.a.a.f$a$a:
    1:2:void <init>(android.os.IBinder) -> <init>
    3:8:boolean initialize(int) -> a
    9:13:com.google.vr.vrcore.common.api.IDaydreamManager getDaydreamManager() -> b
    21:25:com.google.vr.vrcore.logging.api.IVrCoreLoggingService getLoggingService() -> g
com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerAccelEvent -> com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.b:
    float z -> c
    float y -> b
    float x -> a
    25:25:void <clinit>() -> <clinit>
    1:1:void <init>() -> <init>
    2:4:void <init>(android.os.Parcel) -> <init>
    11:15:void readFromParcel(android.os.Parcel) -> a
    16:16:int getByteSize() -> a
    5:5:int describeContents() -> describeContents
    6:10:void writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int) -> writeToParcel
com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerAccelEvent$1 -> com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.a:
    1:1:void <init>() -> <init>
    2:2:com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerAccelEvent createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel) -> createFromParcel
    5:5:java.lang.Object createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel) -> createFromParcel
    3:3:com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerAccelEvent[] newArray(int) -> newArray
    4:4:java.lang.Object[] newArray(int) -> newArray
com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerBatteryEvent -> com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.d:
    boolean charging -> b
    int batteryLevelBucket -> a
    39:39:void <clinit>() -> <clinit>
    1:1:void <init>() -> <init>
    2:4:void <init>(android.os.Parcel) -> <init>
    10:13:void readFromParcel(android.os.Parcel) -> a
    31:31:int getByteSize() -> a
    5:5:int describeContents() -> describeContents
    6:9:void writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int) -> writeToParcel
com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerBatteryEvent$1 -> com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.c:
    1:1:void <init>() -> <init>
    2:2:com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerBatteryEvent createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel) -> createFromParcel
    5:5:java.lang.Object createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel) -> createFromParcel
    3:3:com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerBatteryEvent[] newArray(int) -> newArray
    4:4:java.lang.Object[] newArray(int) -> newArray
com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerButtonEvent -> com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.f:
    int[] ALL_BUTTONS -> a
    int button -> b
    boolean down -> c
    32:33:void <clinit>() -> <clinit>
    1:1:void <init>() -> <init>
    2:4:void <init>(android.os.Parcel) -> <init>
    10:13:void readFromParcel(android.os.Parcel) -> a
    24:24:int getByteSize() -> a
    5:5:int describeContents() -> describeContents
    6:9:void writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int) -> writeToParcel
com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerButtonEvent$1 -> com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.e:
    1:1:void <init>() -> <init>
    2:2:com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerButtonEvent createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel) -> createFromParcel
    5:5:java.lang.Object createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel) -> createFromParcel
    3:3:com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerButtonEvent[] newArray(int) -> newArray
    4:4:java.lang.Object[] newArray(int) -> newArray
com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerEvent -> com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.g:
    long timestampNanos -> a
    int controllerId -> b
    1:2:void <init>() -> <init>
    6:8:void readFromParcel(android.os.Parcel) -> a
    9:9:int getByteSize() -> a
    3:5:void writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int) -> writeToParcel
com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerEventPacket -> com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.k:
    com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerAccelEvent[] accelEvents -> d
    com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerButtonEvent[] buttonEvents -> f
    int touchEventCount -> k
    com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerTouchEvent[] touchEvents -> l
    int orientationEventCount -> i
    com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerOrientationEvent[] orientationEvents -> j
    java.lang.Object poolLock -> b
    int gyroEventCount -> g
    int buttonEventCount -> e
    java.util.ArrayDeque pool -> a
    int accelEventCount -> c
    com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerGyroEvent[] gyroEvents -> h
    180:182:void <clinit>() -> <clinit>
    1:15:void <init>() -> <init>
    106:123:int calculateParcelByteLength() -> a
    146:172:void readFromParcel(android.os.Parcel) -> a
    173:174:void checkIsValidEventCount(int) -> a
    176:179:void setControllerIndex(int,int,com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerEvent[]) -> a
    32:37:void clear() -> b
    67:68:com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerAccelEvent getAccelEvent(int) -> b
    62:62:int getAccelEventCount() -> c
    70:71:com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerButtonEvent getButtonEvent(int) -> c
    63:63:int getButtonEventCount() -> d
    73:74:com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerGyroEvent getGyroEvent(int) -> d
    105:105:int describeContents() -> describeContents
    64:64:int getGyroEventCount() -> e
    76:77:com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerOrientationEvent getOrientationEvent(int) -> e
    65:65:int getOrientationEventCount() -> f
    79:80:com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerTouchEvent getTouchEvent(int) -> f
    56:61:void setEventsControllerIndex(int) -> g
    66:66:int getTouchEventCount() -> g
    97:99:com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerEventPacket obtain() -> h
    100:104:void recycle() -> i
    124:145:void writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int) -> writeToParcel
com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerEventPacket$1 -> com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.h:
    1:1:void <init>() -> <init>
    2:4:com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerEventPacket createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel) -> createFromParcel
    7:7:java.lang.Object createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel) -> createFromParcel
    5:5:com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerEventPacket[] newArray(int) -> newArray
    6:6:java.lang.Object[] newArray(int) -> newArray
com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerEventPacket2 -> com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.j:
    com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerBatteryEvent batteryEvent -> f
    com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerTrackingStatusEvent[] trackingStatusEvents -> i
    int trackingStatusEventCount -> h
    long timestampMillis -> g
    java.lang.Object poolLock -> b
    boolean hasBatteryEvent -> e
    com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerPositionEvent[] positionEvents -> d
    java.util.ArrayDeque pool -> a
    int positionEventCount -> c
    134:136:void <clinit>() -> <clinit>
    1:10:void <init>() -> <init>
    75:89:int calculateParcelByteLength() -> a
    109:132:void readFromParcel(android.os.Parcel) -> a
    25:30:void clear() -> b
    74:74:int describeContents() -> describeContents
    34:38:void setEventsControllerIndex(int) -> g
    47:48:com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerPositionEvent getPositionEvent(int) -> h
    66:68:com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerEventPacket2 obtain() -> h
    53:54:com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerTrackingStatusEvent getTrackingStatusEvent(int) -> i
    69:73:void recycle() -> i
    59:60:com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerBatteryEvent getBatteryEvent() -> j
    44:44:int getPositionEventCount() -> k
    133:133:long getSystemTimeMillis() -> l
    43:43:long getTimestampMillis() -> m
    45:45:int getTrackingStatusEventCount() -> n
    46:46:boolean hasBatteryEvent() -> o
    90:107:void writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int) -> writeToParcel
com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerEventPacket2$1 -> com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.i:
    1:1:void <init>() -> <init>
    2:4:com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerEventPacket2 createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel) -> createFromParcel
    7:7:java.lang.Object createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel) -> createFromParcel
    5:5:com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerEventPacket2[] newArray(int) -> newArray
    6:6:java.lang.Object[] newArray(int) -> newArray
com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerGyroEvent -> com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.m:
    float z -> c
    float y -> b
    float x -> a
    25:25:void <clinit>() -> <clinit>
    1:1:void <init>() -> <init>
    2:4:void <init>(android.os.Parcel) -> <init>
    11:15:void readFromParcel(android.os.Parcel) -> a
    16:16:int getByteSize() -> a
    5:5:int describeContents() -> describeContents
    6:10:void writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int) -> writeToParcel
com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerGyroEvent$1 -> com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.l:
    1:1:void <init>() -> <init>
    2:2:com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerGyroEvent createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel) -> createFromParcel
    5:5:java.lang.Object createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel) -> createFromParcel
    3:3:com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerGyroEvent[] newArray(int) -> newArray
    4:4:java.lang.Object[] newArray(int) -> newArray
com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerInitResults -> com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.n:
    2:3:java.lang.String toString(int) -> a
com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerListenerOptions -> com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.p:
    boolean enableGestures -> e
    boolean enableOrientation -> a
    boolean enableGyro -> b
    boolean enableAccel -> c
    boolean enableTouch -> d
    36:36:void <clinit>() -> <clinit>
    5:16:void <init>(int) -> <init>
    17:19:void <init>(android.os.Parcel) -> <init>
    27:32:void readFromParcel(android.os.Parcel) -> a
    20:20:int describeContents() -> describeContents
    33:35:java.lang.String toString() -> toString
    21:26:void writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int) -> writeToParcel
com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerListenerOptions$1 -> com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.o:
    1:1:void <init>() -> <init>
    2:2:com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerListenerOptions createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel) -> createFromParcel
    5:5:java.lang.Object createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel) -> createFromParcel
    3:3:com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerListenerOptions[] newArray(int) -> newArray
    4:4:java.lang.Object[] newArray(int) -> newArray
com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerOrientationEvent -> com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.r:
    float qw -> d
    float qz -> c
    float qy -> b
    float qx -> a
    45:45:void <clinit>() -> <clinit>
    1:1:void <init>() -> <init>
    8:10:void <init>(android.os.Parcel) -> <init>
    29:34:void readFromParcel(android.os.Parcel) -> a
    35:35:int getByteSize() -> a
    22:22:int describeContents() -> describeContents
    23:28:void writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int) -> writeToParcel
com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerOrientationEvent$1 -> com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.q:
    1:1:void <init>() -> <init>
    2:2:com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerOrientationEvent createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel) -> createFromParcel
    5:5:java.lang.Object createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel) -> createFromParcel
    3:3:com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerOrientationEvent[] newArray(int) -> newArray
    4:4:java.lang.Object[] newArray(int) -> newArray
com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerPositionEvent -> com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.t:
    float z -> c
    float y -> b
    float x -> a
    30:30:void <clinit>() -> <clinit>
    1:1:void <init>() -> <init>
    7:9:void <init>(android.os.Parcel) -> <init>
    16:20:void readFromParcel(android.os.Parcel) -> a
    21:21:int getByteSize() -> a
    10:10:int describeContents() -> describeContents
    11:15:void writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int) -> writeToParcel
com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerPositionEvent$1 -> com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.s:
    1:1:void <init>() -> <init>
    2:2:com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerPositionEvent createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel) -> createFromParcel
    5:5:java.lang.Object createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel) -> createFromParcel
    3:3:com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerPositionEvent[] newArray(int) -> newArray
    4:4:java.lang.Object[] newArray(int) -> newArray
com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerRequest -> com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.v:
    30:30:void <clinit>() -> <clinit>
    1:2:void <init>() -> <init>
    5:6:void <init>(android.os.Parcel) -> <init>
    7:11:boolean equals(java.lang.Object) -> equals
com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerRequest$1 -> com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.u:
    1:1:void <init>() -> <init>
    2:2:com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerRequest createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel) -> createFromParcel
    5:5:java.lang.Object createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel) -> createFromParcel
    3:3:com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerRequest[] newArray(int) -> newArray
    4:4:java.lang.Object[] newArray(int) -> newArray
com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerServiceBridge -> com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerServiceBridge:
    android.content.Context context -> b
    java.util.concurrent.atomic.AtomicInteger UNIQUE_INT -> a
    android.os.Handler mainThreadHandler -> c
    com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerServiceBridge$LocalControllerListener defaultListener -> i
    boolean isBound -> j
    com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerServiceBridge$ControllerServiceListener defaultServiceListener -> f
    android.util.SparseArray controllerListenerMap -> g
    int vrcoreApiVersion -> d
    com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.IControllerService service -> h
    java.lang.String listenerKey -> e
    179:179:void <clinit>() -> <clinit>
    1:2:void <init>(android.content.Context,com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerServiceBridge$Callbacks,int) -> <init>
    5:13:void <init>(android.content.Context,com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerServiceBridge$Callbacks,com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerListenerOptions) -> <init>
    void bridge$lambda$0$ControllerServiceBridge() -> a
    122:124:void handleServiceEvent(int) -> a
    144:146:int getVrCoreApiVersion(android.content.Context) -> a
    153:155:void initializeDefaultListener(com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerServiceBridge$Callbacks,com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerListenerOptions) -> a
    156:168:boolean createAndConnectControllerInternal(int,com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerServiceBridge$Callbacks,com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerListenerOptions) -> a
    169:174:boolean registerListener(int,com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerServiceBridge$LocalControllerListener) -> a
    176:176:void lambda$vibrateController$0$ControllerServiceBridge(int,com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerRequest) -> a
    177:177:void access$000(com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerServiceBridge,int) -> a
    178:178:void access$100(com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerEventPacket2) -> a
    47:49:void clearControllers() -> b
    69:77:void vibrateControllerInternal(int,com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerRequest) -> b
    147:152:void logIfControllerPacketLags(com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerEventPacket2) -> b
    18:28:void doBind() -> c
    50:50:boolean createAndConnectController(int,com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerServiceBridge$Callbacks,int) -> createAndConnectController
    29:43:void doUnbind() -> d
    138:143:int getNumOfControllers() -> e
    52:59:void unregisterListeners() -> f
    175:175:java.lang.String createListenerKey() -> g
    119:120:void ensureOnMainThread() -> h
    125:137:void handleAvailableControllersChanged() -> i
    106:114:void setupAndBindDefaultControllerListener() -> j
    78:89:void onServiceConnected(android.content.ComponentName,android.os.IBinder) -> onServiceConnected
    115:118:void onServiceDisconnected(android.content.ComponentName) -> onServiceDisconnected
    14:15:void requestBind() -> requestBind
    16:17:void requestUnbind() -> requestUnbind
    60:68:void vibrateController(int,int,int,int) -> vibrateController
com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerServiceBridge$$Lambda$0 -> com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.w:
    com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerServiceBridge arg$1 -> a
com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerServiceBridge$$Lambda$1 -> com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.x:
    com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerServiceBridge arg$1 -> a
com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerServiceBridge$$Lambda$2 -> com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.y:
    int arg$2 -> b
    com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerRequest arg$3 -> c
    com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerServiceBridge arg$1 -> a
com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerServiceBridge$$Lambda$3 -> com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.z:
    com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerServiceBridge arg$1 -> a
com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerServiceBridge$ControllerListener -> com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerServiceBridge$a:
    java.lang.ref.WeakReference listener -> a
    1:3:void <init>(com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerServiceBridge$LocalControllerListener) -> <init>
    4:4:int getApiVersion() -> a
    5:6:com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerListenerOptions getOptions() -> e
    12:18:void onControllerEventPacket(com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerEventPacket) -> onControllerEventPacket
    19:26:void onControllerEventPacket2(com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerEventPacket2) -> onControllerEventPacket2
    27:32:void onControllerRecentered(com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerOrientationEvent) -> onControllerRecentered
    7:11:void onControllerStateChanged(int,int) -> onControllerStateChanged
com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerServiceBridge$ControllerServiceListener -> com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerServiceBridge$b:
    java.lang.ref.WeakReference serviceBridge -> a
    1:3:void <init>(com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerServiceBridge) -> <init>
    4:4:int getApiVersion() -> a
    5:9:void onControllerServiceEvent(int) -> b
com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerServiceBridge$LocalControllerListener -> com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerServiceBridge$c:
    com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerServiceBridge$Callbacks callbacks -> a
    com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerListenerOptions options -> b
    int controllerIndex -> c
    1:5:void <init>(com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerServiceBridge$Callbacks,com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerListenerOptions,int) -> <init>
com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerTouchEvent -> com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.B:
    float y -> d
    float x -> c
    int action -> b
    int fingerId -> a
    28:28:void <clinit>() -> <clinit>
    1:1:void <init>() -> <init>
    2:4:void <init>(android.os.Parcel) -> <init>
    12:17:void readFromParcel(android.os.Parcel) -> a
    18:18:int getByteSize() -> a
    5:5:int describeContents() -> describeContents
    6:11:void writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int) -> writeToParcel
com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerTouchEvent$1 -> com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.A:
    1:1:void <init>() -> <init>
    2:2:com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerTouchEvent createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel) -> createFromParcel
    5:5:java.lang.Object createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel) -> createFromParcel
    3:3:com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerTouchEvent[] newArray(int) -> newArray
    4:4:java.lang.Object[] newArray(int) -> newArray
com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerTrackingStatusEvent -> com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.D:
    int trackingStatusFlags -> a
    38:38:void <clinit>() -> <clinit>
    1:3:void <init>() -> <init>
    8:11:void <init>(android.os.Parcel) -> <init>
    21:27:void readFromParcel(android.os.Parcel) -> a
    28:31:int getByteSize() -> a
    12:12:int describeContents() -> describeContents
    13:19:void writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int) -> writeToParcel
com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerTrackingStatusEvent$1 -> com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.C:
    1:1:void <init>() -> <init>
    2:2:com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerTrackingStatusEvent createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel) -> createFromParcel
    5:5:java.lang.Object createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel) -> createFromParcel
    3:3:com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerTrackingStatusEvent[] newArray(int) -> newArray
    4:4:java.lang.Object[] newArray(int) -> newArray
com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.IControllerListener -> com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.E:
    int getApiVersion() -> a
    com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerListenerOptions getOptions() -> e
com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.IControllerListener$Stub -> com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.E$a:
    1:2:void <init>() -> <init>
    9:32:boolean dispatchTransaction(int,android.os.Parcel,android.os.Parcel,int) -> dispatchTransaction
com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.IControllerService -> com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.F:
    int initialize(int) -> a
    boolean registerListener(int,java.lang.String,com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.IControllerListener) -> a
    boolean registerServiceListener(com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.IControllerServiceListener) -> a
    void request(int,com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerRequest) -> a
    boolean unregisterListener(java.lang.String) -> a
    boolean unregisterServiceListener(com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.IControllerServiceListener) -> b
    int getNumberOfControllers() -> f
com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.IControllerService$Stub -> com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.F$a:
    3:8:com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.IControllerService asInterface(android.os.IBinder) -> asInterface
com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.IControllerService$Stub$Proxy -> com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.F$a$a:
    1:2:void <init>(android.os.IBinder) -> <init>
    3:8:int initialize(int) -> a
    9:16:boolean registerListener(int,java.lang.String,com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.IControllerListener) -> a
    17:22:boolean unregisterListener(java.lang.String) -> a
    26:31:boolean registerServiceListener(com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.IControllerServiceListener) -> a
    43:47:void request(int,com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerRequest) -> a
    32:37:boolean unregisterServiceListener(com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.IControllerServiceListener) -> b
    38:42:int getNumberOfControllers() -> f
com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.IControllerServiceListener -> com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.G:
    int getApiVersion() -> a
    void onControllerServiceEvent(int) -> b
com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.IControllerServiceListener$Stub -> com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.G$a:
    1:2:void <init>() -> <init>
    9:18:boolean dispatchTransaction(int,android.os.Parcel,android.os.Parcel,int) -> dispatchTransaction
com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.NativeCallbacks -> com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.NativeCallbacks:
    long userData -> a
    boolean closed -> b
    1:3:void <init>(long) -> <init>
    29:49:void handleEventsCompatibilityLocked(com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerEventPacket) -> a
    4:3:void close() -> close
    9:8:void onControllerEventPacket(com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerEventPacket) -> onControllerEventPacket
    13:12:void onControllerEventPacket2(com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerEventPacket2) -> onControllerEventPacket2
    50:49:void onControllerRecentered(com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.ControllerOrientationEvent) -> onControllerRecentered
    6:5:void onControllerStateChanged(int,int) -> onControllerStateChanged
    53:52:void onServiceConnected(int) -> onServiceConnected
    56:55:void onServiceDisconnected() -> onServiceDisconnected
    59:58:void onServiceFailed() -> onServiceFailed
    65:64:void onServiceInitFailed(int) -> onServiceInitFailed
    62:61:void onServiceUnavailable() -> onServiceUnavailable
com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.nano.Proto$Request -> com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.a.a:
    com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.nano.Proto$Request$Vibration vibration -> a
    7:9:void <init>() -> <init>
    10:13:com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.nano.Proto$Request clear() -> clear
    14:17:com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.nano.Proto$Request clone() -> clone
    41:41:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    42:42:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    44:44:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    25:29:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    30:32:com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.nano.Proto$Request mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    43:43:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    21:24:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.nano.Proto$Request$Vibration -> com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.a.a$a:
    int durationMs_ -> d
    int frequencyHz_ -> b
    int volumePercentage_ -> c
    int bitField0_ -> a
    31:33:void <init>() -> <init>
    28:30:com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.nano.Proto$Request$Vibration setDurationMs(int) -> a
    12:14:com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.nano.Proto$Request$Vibration setFrequencyHz(int) -> b
    20:22:com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.nano.Proto$Request$Vibration setVolumePercentage(int) -> c
    34:40:com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.nano.Proto$Request$Vibration clear() -> clear
    41:44:com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.nano.Proto$Request$Vibration clone() -> clone
    81:81:com.google.protobuf.nano.ExtendableMessageNano clone() -> clone
    82:82:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano clone() -> clone
    84:84:java.lang.Object clone() -> clone
    54:64:int computeSerializedSize() -> computeSerializedSize
    65:67:com.google.vr.vrcore.controller.api.nano.Proto$Request$Vibration mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    83:83:com.google.protobuf.nano.MessageNano mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedInputByteBufferNano) -> mergeFrom
    46:53:void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.nano.CodedOutputByteBufferNano) -> writeTo
com.google.vr.vrcore.library.api.IGvrLayout -> com.google.vr.vrcore.library.api.a:
com.google.vr.vrcore.library.api.IGvrLayout$Stub -> com.google.vr.vrcore.library.api.a$a:
    1:2:void <init>() -> <init>
    3:8:com.google.vr.vrcore.library.api.IGvrLayout asInterface(android.os.IBinder) -> asInterface
    9:62:boolean dispatchTransaction(int,android.os.Parcel,android.os.Parcel,int) -> dispatchTransaction
com.google.vr.vrcore.library.api.IGvrLayout$Stub$Proxy -> com.google.vr.vrcore.library.api.a$a$a:
    1:2:void <init>(android.os.IBinder) -> <init>
    31:36:boolean enableAsyncReprojection(int) -> enableAsyncReprojection
    3:7:long getNativeGvrContext() -> getNativeGvrContext
    8:12:com.google.vr.vrcore.library.api.IObjectWrapper getRootView() -> getRootView
    13:17:com.google.vr.vrcore.library.api.IGvrUiLayout getUiLayout() -> getUiLayout
    18:20:void onPause() -> onPause
    21:23:void onResume() -> onResume
    27:30:void setPresentationView(com.google.vr.vrcore.library.api.IObjectWrapper) -> setPresentationView
    50:53:void setReentryIntent(com.google.vr.vrcore.library.api.IObjectWrapper) -> setReentryIntent
    43:46:void setStereoModeEnabled(boolean) -> setStereoModeEnabled
    24:26:void shutdown() -> shutdown
com.google.vr.vrcore.library.api.IGvrUiLayout -> com.google.vr.vrcore.library.api.b:
com.google.vr.vrcore.library.api.IGvrUiLayout$Stub -> com.google.vr.vrcore.library.api.b$a:
    1:2:void <init>() -> <init>
    3:8:com.google.vr.vrcore.library.api.IGvrUiLayout asInterface(android.os.IBinder) -> asInterface
    9:47:boolean dispatchTransaction(int,android.os.Parcel,android.os.Parcel,int) -> dispatchTransaction
com.google.vr.vrcore.library.api.IGvrUiLayout$Stub$Proxy -> com.google.vr.vrcore.library.api.b$a$a:
    1:2:void <init>(android.os.IBinder) -> <init>
    17:20:void setCloseButtonListener(com.google.vr.vrcore.library.api.IObjectWrapper) -> setCloseButtonListener
    21:24:void setTransitionViewEnabled(boolean) -> setTransitionViewEnabled
com.google.vr.vrcore.library.api.IObjectWrapper -> com.google.vr.vrcore.library.api.c:
com.google.vr.vrcore.library.api.IObjectWrapper$Stub -> com.google.vr.vrcore.library.api.c$a:
    1:2:void <init>() -> <init>
    3:8:com.google.vr.vrcore.library.api.IObjectWrapper asInterface(android.os.IBinder) -> asInterface
com.google.vr.vrcore.library.api.IObjectWrapper$Stub$Proxy -> com.google.vr.vrcore.library.api.c$a$a:
    1:2:void <init>(android.os.IBinder) -> <init>
com.google.vr.vrcore.library.api.IVrCreator -> com.google.vr.vrcore.library.api.d:
    com.google.vr.vrcore.library.api.IVrNativeLibraryLoader newNativeLibraryLoader(com.google.vr.vrcore.library.api.IObjectWrapper,com.google.vr.vrcore.library.api.IObjectWrapper) -> a
    com.google.vr.vrcore.library.api.IGvrLayout newGvrLayout(com.google.vr.vrcore.library.api.IObjectWrapper,com.google.vr.vrcore.library.api.IObjectWrapper) -> b
com.google.vr.vrcore.library.api.IVrCreator$Stub -> com.google.vr.vrcore.library.api.d$a:
    3:8:com.google.vr.vrcore.library.api.IVrCreator asInterface(android.os.IBinder) -> asInterface
com.google.vr.vrcore.library.api.IVrCreator$Stub$Proxy -> com.google.vr.vrcore.library.api.d$a$a:
    1:2:void <init>(android.os.IBinder) -> <init>
    9:15:com.google.vr.vrcore.library.api.IVrNativeLibraryLoader newNativeLibraryLoader(com.google.vr.vrcore.library.api.IObjectWrapper,com.google.vr.vrcore.library.api.IObjectWrapper) -> a
    16:22:com.google.vr.vrcore.library.api.IGvrLayout newGvrLayout(com.google.vr.vrcore.library.api.IObjectWrapper,com.google.vr.vrcore.library.api.IObjectWrapper) -> b
com.google.vr.vrcore.library.api.IVrNativeLibraryLoader -> com.google.vr.vrcore.library.api.e:
    long loadNativeGvrLibrary(int,int,int) -> a
    long loadNativeGvrLibraryWithMinVersion(java.lang.String,java.lang.String) -> a
    long loadNativeDlsymMethod() -> c
com.google.vr.vrcore.library.api.IVrNativeLibraryLoader$Stub -> com.google.vr.vrcore.library.api.e$a:
    3:8:com.google.vr.vrcore.library.api.IVrNativeLibraryLoader asInterface(android.os.IBinder) -> asInterface
com.google.vr.vrcore.library.api.IVrNativeLibraryLoader$Stub$Proxy -> com.google.vr.vrcore.library.api.e$a$a:
    1:2:void <init>(android.os.IBinder) -> <init>
    3:10:long loadNativeGvrLibrary(int,int,int) -> a
    20:26:long loadNativeGvrLibraryWithMinVersion(java.lang.String,java.lang.String) -> a
    15:19:long loadNativeDlsymMethod() -> c
com.google.vr.vrcore.library.api.ObjectWrapper -> com.google.vr.vrcore.library.api.ObjectWrapper:
    1:3:void <init>(java.lang.Object) -> <init>
    4:4:com.google.vr.vrcore.library.api.IObjectWrapper wrap(java.lang.Object) -> a
    5:35:java.lang.Object unwrap(com.google.vr.vrcore.library.api.IObjectWrapper,java.lang.Class) -> a
com.google.vr.vrcore.library.api.VrCoreLoader -> com.google.vr.vrcore.library.api.f:
    android.content.Context sRemoteContext -> a
    com.google.vr.vrcore.library.api.IVrCreator sCreator -> c
    int sRemoteContextApiVersion -> b
    7:17:android.content.Context getRemoteContext(android.content.Context) -> a
    24:27:android.os.IBinder newBinderInstance(java.lang.ClassLoader,java.lang.String) -> a
    18:19:int getRemoteContextClientApiVersion(android.content.Context) -> b
    2:6:com.google.vr.vrcore.library.api.IVrCreator getRemoteCreator(android.content.Context) -> c
com.google.vr.vrcore.logging.api.IVrCoreLoggingService -> a.a.b.a.b.a.a:
    void log(com.google.vr.vrcore.logging.api.VREventParcelable) -> a
com.google.vr.vrcore.logging.api.IVrCoreLoggingService$Stub -> a.a.b.a.b.a.a$a:
    3:8:com.google.vr.vrcore.logging.api.IVrCoreLoggingService asInterface(android.os.IBinder) -> asInterface
com.google.vr.vrcore.logging.api.IVrCoreLoggingService$Stub$Proxy -> a.a.b.a.b.a.a$a$a:
    1:2:void <init>(android.os.IBinder) -> <init>
    3:6:void log(com.google.vr.vrcore.logging.api.VREventParcelable) -> a
com.google.vr.vrcore.logging.api.VREventParcelable -> a.a.b.a.b.a.c:
    com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent event -> b
    int eventCode -> a
    22:22:void <clinit>() -> <clinit>
    1:4:void <init>(int,com.google.common.logging.nano.Vr$VREvent) -> <init>
    5:13:void <init>(android.os.Parcel) -> <init>
    21:21:void <init>(android.os.Parcel,com.google.vr.vrcore.logging.api.VREventParcelable$1) -> <init>
    14:14:int describeContents() -> describeContents
    15:18:void writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int) -> writeToParcel
com.google.vr.vrcore.logging.api.VREventParcelable$1 -> a.a.b.a.b.a.b:
    1:1:void <init>() -> <init>
    2:2:com.google.vr.vrcore.logging.api.VREventParcelable createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel) -> createFromParcel
    5:5:java.lang.Object createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel) -> createFromParcel
    3:3:com.google.vr.vrcore.logging.api.VREventParcelable[] newArray(int) -> newArray
    4:4:java.lang.Object[] newArray(int) -> newArray
com.unity3d.unitygvr.BuildConfig -> com.unity3d.unitygvr.BuildConfig:
    6:6:void <init>() -> <init>
com.unity3d.unitygvr.GoogleVR -> com.unity3d.unitygvr.GoogleVR:
    45:46:void <init>() -> <init>
    23:23:android.view.Surface access$002(com.unity3d.unitygvr.GoogleVR,android.view.Surface) -> access$002
    23:23:void access$100(com.unity3d.unitygvr.GoogleVR,android.view.Surface) -> access$100
    23:23:void access$200(com.unity3d.unitygvr.GoogleVR) -> access$200
    75:85:void deinitialize() -> deinitialize
    163:171:boolean enable(boolean) -> enable
    50:50:com.google.vr.ndk.base.GvrLayout getGvrLayout() -> getGvrLayout
    194:194:android.view.Surface getVideoSurface() -> getVideoSurface
    182:189:int getVideoSurfaceId() -> getVideoSurfaceId
    55:61:boolean initialize(android.app.Activity,android.content.Context,android.view.SurfaceView,boolean,android.os.Handler) -> initialize
    89:92:long load(boolean,boolean,boolean,boolean,boolean,java.lang.Runnable) -> load
    223:230:boolean loadGvrLibrary() -> loadGvrLibrary
    218:218:boolean loadLibrary(java.lang.String) -> loadLibrary
    201:206:boolean loadLibraryStatic(java.lang.String) -> loadLibraryStatic
    244:249:void notifyFrameAvaialable() -> notifyFrameAvaialable
    235:240:void notifySurfaceAvaialble(android.view.Surface) -> notifySurfaceAvaialble
    151:154:void pause() -> pause
    158:159:void resume() -> resume
    176:177:boolean unload() -> unload
com.unity3d.unitygvr.GoogleVR$1 -> com.unity3d.unitygvr.GoogleVR$1:
    107:107:void <init>(com.unity3d.unitygvr.GoogleVR) -> <init>
    116:117:void onFrameAvailable() -> onFrameAvailable
    110:112:void onSurfaceAvailable(android.view.Surface) -> onSurfaceAvailable
com.unity3d.unitygvr.R -> com.unity3d.unitygvr.R:
    10:10:void <init>() -> <init>
com.unity3d.unitygvr.R$color -> com.unity3d.unitygvr.R$color:
    13:13:void <init>() -> <init>
com.unity3d.unitygvr.R$dimen -> com.unity3d.unitygvr.R$dimen:
    19:19:void <init>() -> <init>
com.unity3d.unitygvr.R$drawable -> com.unity3d.unitygvr.R$drawable:
    26:26:void <init>() -> <init>
com.unity3d.unitygvr.R$id -> com.unity3d.unitygvr.R$id:
    36:36:void <init>() -> <init>
com.unity3d.unitygvr.R$layout -> com.unity3d.unitygvr.R$layout:
    54:54:void <init>() -> <init>
com.unity3d.unitygvr.R$string -> com.unity3d.unitygvr.R$string:
    63:63:void <init>() -> <init>
com.unity3d.unitygvr.R$style -> com.unity3d.unitygvr.R$style:
    90:90:void <init>() -> <init>
